About Biz2Credit (read more at www.biz2credit.com ): Founded in 2007, Biz2Credit is rated as the #1 small business financing resource in the U.S. by Entrepreneur Magazine. To-date, we've facilitated more than $2 billion in small business lending.Biz2Credit, an all-in-one financing solution for entrepreneurs to get a small business loan with a fast approval process. Explore the best small business financing options with us!Biz2Credit with the use of AI offers an innovative way for lenders and small business borrowers to connect through our online credit marketplace. Our robust network includes more than 1,200 lenders and tens of thousands of small businesses who connect to the network through partnerships with Paychex, Start-up America, CPA's, business brokers and other referral partners.Businesses can register in under four (4) minutes and see instant, online matches with qualified lenders. There's 24/7 access to SMB articles and resources, and an option to work directly with a Biz2Credit Loan Specialist who works with the business every step of the way to ensure high-quality loan packages. Our loan packages close 3x the national average.Our Global Presence:Biz2Credit is headquartered in New York City, (USA). With a well-established international presence outside the United States, we maintain a network of offices serving our clients in Asia Pacific Regions, Australia etc.Careers with Biz2Credit;Explore our career opportunities and learn more about why Biz2Credit is a great place to work. Join a global leader in digital fintech services that will engage your mind, inspire your creativity and develop your career. Biz2Credit values the individual and strives to deliver an appropriate work-life balance because a motivated and happy person can add untold value to our clients and colleagues around the world. We attract individuals from different backgrounds and cultures who — like you — bring a unique point of view and unique business skills. You’ll work with great people and will be exposed to a range of alternative perspectives.Everyone’s opinion is valued. After all, diversity of thought and ideas enables us to provide better services to our clients. In return for your input and ideas, we’re committed to giving you the experiences you need to progress and develop as well as the learning and coaching to help you to excel.Biz2credit is an equal opportunity employer.Qualifications and Skills4-year degree; advanced degree or post-doctoral preferred.At least 3 year experience in managing a team of Data Scientists.Overall 10+ years of experience with data science, credit risk management experience is a definite plus5-7 years of experience with Python programming language.5-7 years of machine learning experience and or natural processing language.Extensive, hands-on experience with relevant methodologies in classical statistics, big data, supervised and unsupervised learning models with emphasis on communicating the analysis to business audiences through visual and other methods.Prior experience to creating and allocating relevant individual workstreams to data science team members and be able to synthesize team efforts and prepare succinct presentations to the CRO and to Credit Risk Committee.Ability to interact effectively and independently with other functional units within Biz2Credit such as underwriting, marketing, sales, investor relations and Biz2Credit developers/IT to address their analytical needs in a time-sensitive environment.The ability to function in a semi-independent manner to identify core requirements associated with complex, yet-to-be-fully-defined data project assignments.Strong conceptual thinking skills, highly motivated, outcome-focused, dynamic, and capable of guiding and inspiring their team to perform at a high level.Responsibilities and DutiesAs a key member of a world-class data science team within a fast-evolving financial landscape, the individual will have the exciting opportunity to direct a team of data scientists on a variety of complex data projects within Biz2Credit’s marketplace and also externally with bank and other financial services partners.Manage the data science projects in Agile mode, provide coaching and mentorship to team members as neededEstablish Data Science role model and best practices in the organizationCommunicating data driven insights to business audiences through simple visualizationMake data driven recommendations to improve operational efficiencies in underwriting, marketing, and salesJob Type: Full-timeAdditional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Aggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule::Monday to Friday
About Us		Just as the field of Data Science is growing and ever-changing, so is our team: we’re on the hunt for talented instructors who are passionate about what they do and want to make a difference in the education of the world’s up-and-coming data scientists — our students.		The NYC Data Science Academy prides itself on housing the most comprehensive 12-week intensive boot camp in data science methodologies, providing theoretical, practical, and hands-on knowledge to our scholars. We nurture top talents in the industrial & academic world into industry-ready data scientists, by equipping them with knowledge, technical skills, and insights aiming at maximal impacts to the business world. We adapt faster than the quickest machine learning algorithms out there — with content that reflects research and application in the growing industry and teaching expertise which goes beyond extraordinary.		That’s where you come in.		From our part-time weekend/evening classes to our part-time online and full-time in-person boot camps, our courses are both designed in-house and taught by our robust team of data scientists and engineers. Instructors have the opportunity of taking part in corporate training and consulting client projects, building both data science and big data solutions. We encourage collaboration and positive change in not only our students and clients but also in our team. Nerding out is also highly encouraged.		Responsibilities		Train in-person or online boot camp students, the next generation of data scientists, on a wide range of topics ranging from statistics, probability, SQL, R/python coding, data analysis, machine learning, deep learning, and big data, etc.	Develop, evaluate, and maintain cutting-edge technical content for training experiences relevant to audiences with a diverse set of educational backgrounds and industry experience.	Tailoring teaching content for both corporate and client training.	Guide and mentor our students inside and outside of the classroom for their industry-ready projects. Help to orient our students’ learning toward the target industries.	Lead by example as a data scientist, to be an excellent role model for our industry-ready students.	Cooperate with marketing/admission teams by participating in the student enrollment/admission procedure and by developing relevant content for them.	Participate in periodic training workshops to sharpen the relevant skill-sets.	About You		Minimum of a Master’s Degree in a Quantitative Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics-related field; Computer Science and Statistics preferred.	Proficiency in statistical computing/machine learning and/or programming in R and/or Python.	Experience/extensive knowledge in R or Python data analysis.	Teaching experience in undergraduate or graduate level coursework in STEM required.	Demonstrated experience/knowledge of Statistics and Machine Learning from both theoretical and applied perspectives.	Experience in developing a curriculum or providing training in a client-facing endeavor.	A good sense of the relevance of academic data science to industrial applications.	Forward thinking with a strong growth mentality, i.e. constantly strengthening yourself on all fronts relevant to the growth of our school.	Passionate about teaching and helping your students succeed in their careers.	A team player who can multitask if necessary and can step up to new challenges in a growing company.	Perks		Competitive salary, adjustable hours, and flexible vacation policy.	Benefits include 401k retirement plan and medical, dental, vision insurances.	Opportunity to train, research, and learn in the field of data science on-the-job; a chance to interact with active data science communities through conferences, Meetup events, etc.	Completely stocked snack pantry.	High-quality computational equipment.
ABOUT HOPPER		At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest-growing travel app - one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go-to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile.		Recognized as the fastest-growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 40 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Webby Award for Best Travel App of 2019, the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015.		Take off with us!		THE ROLE		At Hopper, every dataset tells a story. Do you have what it takes to decipher the clues? bit.ly/2q6U8dq		We’re looking for a data-savvy individual to join our team as a Data Scientist to support data-centric product development to create consumer-focused research content based on our real-time feed of billions of flight search results, along with an archive of several trillion data points.		You may be a great fit for our team if you are excited about exploring huge (and sometimes messy) data sets and finding effective ways to simplify and communicate the results to a non-technical audience.	IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL:	Frame and conduct complex exploratory analyses needed to deepen our understanding of our users. Partner with product, business and strategy teams to contribute to product improvements and initiatives	Use machine learning and big data tools on tremendously large and complex data to deepen our data-driven advice and personalized modeling	Conduct research into various aspects of our business and employ statistical and modeling techniques when appropriate to make recommendations to non-technical stakeholders	A QUALIFIED CANDIDATE HAS:	A degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines	Extremely strong analytical and problem-solving skills	Proven ability to communicate complex technical work to a non-technical audience	A strong passion for and extensive experience in conducting empirical research and answering hard questions with data	Experience with relational databases and SQL, especially Hive	Experience working with extremely large data sets	Experience in Pandas, R, SAS or other tools appropriate for large scale data preparation and analysis	Experience with data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms	Proficiency with Unix/Linux environments	BENEFITS	Well-funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock optionsDynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plansAccess to a 401k (US) or Retirement Savings Plan (Canada)Easy commute with a paid-for public transportation or parking passIATA Travel Agent Card for discounts in the travel industryFully stocked kitchen with: coffee/tea, beer, bagels and snacks (both healthy and not-healthy)Team lunches, offsite activities and much more!
Marketplace is the home for Spotify’s music industry products, such as Spotify for Artists, Spotify Label Analytics and Spotify Publisher Analytics.	The Marketplace Creator Product Insights Team is a thriving insights community of 20+ Data Scientists and User Researchers who blend their skills to help us shape the future of the Creator Marketplace by defining the next generation of music industry products.	We are looking for a Data Scientists – Associate to Senior level to help us continue to develop our music industry products, and develop best-in-class expression and promotion tools for Creators and their teams by exploring the following questions: How do we help artists stand out? How do we help them grow and reach new audiences? How do we help them connect with their fans?	Our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of the world of music and their creators. You will study user behaviour, evaluate strategic initiatives and experiment with new features.	Together, we’ll come up with exciting and effective ways to help artists succeed. You’ll join us to craft a strategy rooted firmly in data, that delivers on a future vision for the music industry through effective planning, behavioral analysis, experimentation, optimization. You’ll pair with user researchers, product and design to understand the performance of products and their impact on the market.	What you’ll do:	Work closely with cross-functional teams of data scientists, product managers, designers and engineers who are passionate about Spotify’s success	Develop a deep understanding of how product and platforms influence user behaviour	Be a strategic partner to product development teams, making and give recommendations when needed	Who you are:	You know how to scope and solve loosely defined problems and come up with actionable insights to guide product development decisions	You have a deep understanding of statistics and experience working with real-world data, as well as a strong business sense	You have 4+ years of relevant experience, with a degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics, psychology or another quantitative discipline	You have the technical competence to perform advanced analytics: coding skills (such as Python or Scala), experience with analytics tools (Pandas, R, SPSS or SQL) and experience performing analysis with large datasets	You possess statistical competence (such as regression modelling, a/b testing, significance testing etc)	It is a plus if you	have demonstrated experience with hands-on statistical modelling and possess knowledge about machine learning (such as predictive modelling, decision trees, classification models, clustering techniques)	We’re looking for Data Scientists to join us at multiple levels. We will have an open discussion throughout the interview process about assessing which level and platform you fall within at Spotify.	You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.	Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 258 million users.
Fakespot is looking for a data scientist to join our team on-site in our NYC office.Fakespot is a review authentication service used by millions of users to verify reviews on popular platforms by using artificial intelligence and data analytics. Our primary mission is to increase trust and transparency on the Internet.Who you areYou have a passion for solving complex analytical problems with statistical strength and a strong background in machine learning. You thrive in a collaborative environment, welcome feedback and exhibit strong attention to detail. You are happiest in a fast-paced environment with little red tape and the ability to make an immediate impact. We will have disruptive challenges that have not been solved in the frontier of data authentication.Qualities we'd like to see in youSolid chops with statistical analysisPerform data exploration to recognize future potential modelsNLP experience with at least one of these frameworks: CoreNLP, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlowRequirements:You have deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modelingYou have a degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative fieldYou are comfortable working with large data sets and analyzing complex data with SQL and other tools such as Python or RYou have a strong bias to action, delivering results quickly with iteration instead of waiting for perfectionYou are able to multitask and work on multiple ongoing projects, with minimal oversight, documentation, and defined processYou are acquainted with numerous libraries used for machine learning such as TensorFlow, Keras and PyTorchYou have good communication skillsJob Types: Full-time, InternshipExperience:Data Science: 1 year (Required)Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Processing: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Understanding: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:New York, NY 10001 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule::Monday to Friday
Source Systems is now inviting the brightest, creative and passionate minds to become a part of our Data Scientist Internship Program. Work with our industry experts to gain unrivaled knowledge at both the strategic level (generating bold and innovative ideas for data science-driven growth) and at the tactical level across multiple teams (building and testing hypotheses, creating predictive analytics models, incorporating findings into proof points supporting product launches). These invaluable experiences will greatly increase your skills and value to employers. We know what it takes to leverage powerful data systems that are used to provide important results for company planning and key decision making.		Job Description		A position at Source Systems is a rich experience that cannot be duplicated in any other learning/working environment. We are looking for a Data Scientist Intern that helps us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high-quality prediction systems integrated with our products.		You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, implement, data mining capabilities and effectively provide the results, in a fast paced environment, necessary to meet our business needs. This position may include working remotely and provides flexible hours to accommodate productive work-flow.		Responsibilities:		Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques	Data mining using state-of-the-art methods	Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed	Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems	Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis	Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner	Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance	Stay current on modern trends and advances in data mining technology	Work closely with our experts and other team members to efficiently prototype/develop features and functions for our various products	Perform other duties as assigned		Qualifications:		Internship candidates should have high interest in learning top of the line data mining platforms, programming, tools, testing, and analyzing business needs:		Understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as: k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.	Some knowledge of common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc	Data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.	NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, etc.	Statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.	Data-oriented personality	Excellent writing & organizational skills	Independent work ethic	Detail oriented	Strong drive to succeed	Entrepreneurial mindset	Proactive	Good communicator	Team player	Autonomous	Passion for coding, solving problems and working in a team environment	Use a provided online productivity platform to organize and keep track of your completed	tasks.		Makes suggestions for processes, coding, implementation, and/or performance improvements.		Please send a resume for consideration.		Part time and Full time positions available.		Flexible at home positions available.
The Data Science Senior Analyst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in-depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work-flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in-depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Strong communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits. Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual.		Responsibilities:	Conducts strategic data analysis, identifies insights and implications and make strategic recommendations, develops data displays that clearly communicate complex analysis.	Mines and analyzes data from various banking platforms to drive optimization and improve data quality.	Deliver analytics initiatives to address business problems with the ability to determine data required, assess time & effort required and establish a project plan.	Consults with business clients to determine system functional specifications. Applies comprehensive understanding of how multiple areas collectively integrate to contribute towards achieving business objectives.	Consults with users and clients to solve complex system issues/problems through in-depth evaluation of business processes, systems and industry standards; recommends solutions.	Leads system change process from requirements through implementation; provides user and operational support of application to business users.	Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives for complex projects through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry standards.	Impacts the business directly by ensuring the quality of work provided by self and others; impacts own team and closely related work teams.	Considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current business environment; identifies and communicates risks and impacts.	Drives communication between business leaders and IT; exhibits sound and comprehensive communication and diplomacy skills to exchange complex information.	Performs other duties and functions as assigned.	Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.		Qualifications:	5-8 years experience in business and data analysis, process improvement and project management	Ability to effectively use complex analytical, interpretive and problem solving techniques.	Demonstrated interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.	Methodical attention to detail	Experience using tools for statistical modeling of large data sets		Education:	Bachelor’s/University degree or equivalent experience	This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.	-	Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US	-	Time Type :	-	Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.	Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.	Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity .	To view the "EEO is the Law" poster . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement .	To view the EEO Policy Statement .	To view the Pay Transparency Posting .
Apply statistical and modeling skills to enhance the understanding of our users at the individual level.	Conduct hands-on research, business intelligence analysis and data mining on large, complex data sets to support the business.	Ideate and collaborate on building predictive models and algorithms to optimize products.	Work closely with DTCI Technology to provide requirements, offer input, and track progress on infrastructure and engineering work streams that are relevant to the business.	Help grow a multichannel advertising technology capability by leveraging internal and external datasets to expand our reach within and across platforms.	Through industry research, ongoing education, and practical experience, become a leading subject matter expert in digital user behavior, monetization, and engagement.	Contribute in technical discussions on data standards and tooling.	Minimum 1 year of work experience in media, advertising, or digital products driving measurable results (monetization, engagement) is highly preferred.	Excellent understanding of statistics and the ability to confidently translate statistical analyses into compelling and actionable recommendations.	Strong experience with writing SQL to extract and manipulate data at the source (experience with Hive/Hadoop/cloud data platforms a plus.)	Experience with consumer behavior and insights analysis (transactional and usage).	Self-motivated with the ability to work independently.	Great communication and teamwork skills.	Proven ability in predictive analytics and modeling.	Experience or familiarity in survey data and analysis a plus.	Knowledge of Salesforce DMP, Adobe Audience Manager, Oracle BlueKai or other DMPs a plus.	Knowledge or background in data engineering is a plus.	Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent work experience	Supporting the Disney Advertising Sales organization within our new Direct To Consumer & International (DTCI) segment, the Data Science & Analytics team are subject matter experts in each of the following areas:	Creating and optimizing audience segmentation models that enable us to target specific audiences based on brand affinities, app behavior, and video viewership among other things.	Examining other ways to expand audience sizes and depth through look-alike modeling of behaviors within our own network of digital properties.	Analyzing the performance of models in real-world campaigns and collaborating with the audience modeling team to optimize and refine the models.	We’re looking for an intellectually curious, business-savvy, analytical powerhouse to join the Data Science & Analytics team as an Associate Data Scientist. In this role, you will be responsible for channeling data across the various Disney business units and data infrastructures, and building models to better understand our users at the individual level. Working collaboratively with cross-functional teams, you will develop, drive, and oversee new strategies to ensure the growth of the business and the overall bottom line.	Required Education :		Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent work experience		Preferred Education :		Minimum 1 year of work experience in media, advertising, or digital products driving measurable results (monetization, engagement) is highly preferred.	Excellent understanding of statistics and the ability to confidently translate statistical analyses into compelling and actionable recommendations.	Strong experience with writing SQL to extract and manipulate data at the source (experience with Hive/Hadoop/cloud data platforms a plus.)	Experience with consumer behavior and insights analysis (transactional and usage).	Self-motivated with the ability to work independently.	Great communication and teamwork skills.	Proven ability in predictive analytics and modeling.	Experience or familiarity in survey data and analysis a plus.	Knowledge of Salesforce DMP, Adobe Audience Manager, Oracle BlueKai or other DMPs a plus.	Knowledge or background in data engineering is a plus.		Company Overview :		English
By selecting “Apply” above, you indicate you have read and acknowledge the Dow Jones Applicant Privacy Notice and Dow Jones Cookie Policy , including data transfers as described in the Policy.		Job Description:	We are looking for a data scientist to join the Data Science & Analytics team for The Wall Street Journal’s Membership group. In this role, you will lead our efforts in machine learning as it relates to WSJ’s acquisition strategy. This involves working on the development and refinement of critical models for our business—including the propensity model behind WSJ’s dynamic paywall. Additionally, you will serve as an evangelist for analytics within our organization and develop metrics for measuring engagement within our products.		The role will require a strong understanding of data wrangling, log-level usage data, and production models. You will need strong organization skills, and will oversee the execution of large scale data projects. An interest in best-in-class design and engineering, as well as visualization and storytelling, will also be critical to your success in this role.		Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy		All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets .		Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line.		Business Area: WSJ MEMBERSHIP GROUP		Job Category: Data/Content Group		About Us		Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).		If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you.		Req ID: 19819
About the team	StreetEasy is seeking a dynamic data scientist focused on the confluence of product and marketing analytics. While working within an inventive team, you will own critical functions such as forecasting and marketing mix models and contribute to projects that impact all things NYC residential real estate. The right candidate will become an integral component of the decision-making process at StreetEasy.	About the role	Analyze complex datasets (e.g., hit-level app data) to solve product and business problems.	Collaborate with Marketing to institutionalize lift models, attribution and consumer segmentation.	Feature engineer new data sources to iterate on accuracy and deployment of models.	Partner with Product and Engineering to tackle issues such as apartment listing relevancy and optimal search results.	Lead A/B tests to improve core product functionality such as search filters and email notifications.	Who you are	Master’s / Undergraduate degree in a quantitative field (e.g. statistics, math, economics).	3+ years of work experience involving quantitative analysis and complex problem solving.	Demonstrated experience in forecasting (ARIMA, Holt-Winters, Prophet)	Strong understanding of SQL and good command of R or Python and their popular packages (e.g. dplyr, ggplot, tidyverse, pandas, seaborn, etc).	You’re passionate about what you do and seek continuous improvement in processes.	Interest in picking up things like Spark, Airflow and H20.	Demonstrated knowledge of statistics (e.g. bootstrapping, power tests, ANOVA) and classic data mining (e.g. k-means clustering, decision trees)	Team player who likes to be a hands-on collaborator	Familiarity with Snowflake & Looker	Familiarity with Google Ads and Facebook Ads	Get to know us	StreetEasy is New York City’s leading local real estate marketplace providing accurate and comprehensive for-sale and for-rent listings from hundreds of real estate brokerages throughout New York City and the major NYC metropolitan area. StreetEasy is part of Zillow Group, whose mission is to build the largest, most trusted and vibrant home-related marketplace in the world.	At Zillow Group, we're powered by our inclusive work culture, where everyone has the support and resources to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction is supported by our passion to empower people and enrich lives around everything home, a deep-rooted culture of innovation, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. But, don't just take our word for it. Read our reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (#69), Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity (#38), Fortune Best Workplaces for Parents (#31), Fortune Best Workplaces for Women (#20), Fatherly's Best Workplaces for New Dads (#37), JUST Capital 100 Company (#69), Bloomberg Gender Equality Index constituent.	Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.	See what information we collect about you.
Job Description			General Description	In the Research Foundation of the City University of New York (CUNY). The Data Scientist will: respond to complex research questions with large datasets by leveraging data engineering and coding skills, statistical analysis methods and a strong understanding of the criminal justice field; Collaborate with research staff to develop relevant data manipulation, data mining, data visualization and data analysis products using SQL, R, Python, Oracle, Redshift and Tableau; Partner with multiple city and state agencies to explore and document the structure and content of administrative data; Conduct quality assurance analysis, develop and implement methods for addressing data quality issues, including complex recoding and cleaning strategies; Develop and maintain data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL) process among databases containing confidential data in a dynamic environment.		Other Duties		Qualifications	Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics or a closely related field.			Advanced knowledge of relational databases, data ETL and data-warehousing; Strong skills in statistical analysis on large scale datasets, data visualization, data product development and quantitative analysis techniques including clustering, regression, pattern recognition/or descriptive and inferential statistics. Proficient in relational databases and statistical programming languages such as SQL, R and related packages.
Millions of people use Trello every day, generating billions of data points. We are looking for a savvy data scientist to examine user behavior and inform decision-making across the company. Our data team is lean, nimble, and remote-friendly.	As the ideal data scientist, you are someone who can do a deep technical dive and communicate effectively with others. You love wrangling messy data into an elegant solution, and helping others understand the power of their data. This role is a chance to have a huge impact on how millions of users collaborate.	You will...	Partner with engineering, product, and leadership teams focused on strategic improvements to Trello.	Dive deep into a wide range of data (behavioral, financial, etc.) to identify opportunities and recommend solutions.	Contribute to data team initiatives focused on ensuring fast, reliable, and comprehensive data.	Serve as a trusted consultant and promote data literacy across the company.	Unblock data questions using Redshift, Athena, Databricks, Python, R, Mode Analytics, Tableau.	Do your best work in a fun, respectful, and supportive environment.	About you...	You have experience analyzing data and experimentation in a business setting. You know how to pick the right approach to a data question. You know that sometimes the simplest solution is the best.	You are adept at prioritizing, and can bring good opinions to the table.	You enjoy collaborating with non-technical consumers of data, and turning loosely-defined questions into clearly scoped projects.	You are creative and resourceful, with a passion for deriving insights from data and telling a story.	You’re curious about the business side of Trello. You’re eager to get to the guts of Trello’s data in order to answer questions across the company.	You’re self-motivated and thrive when working autonomously. You know when to run with something, and when to ask for help.	You’re extremely proficient when it comes to writing SQL and Python/R.	You strive to master new technology or language when the need arises.	Bonus points if…	You have experience working in a remote-friendly company.	You have worked on projects around user acquisition, retention, purchasing drivers.	You have worked with some seriously huge datasets.	More about our benefits		Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.		More about Atlassian		Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team.		Additional Information		We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.		All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.	Are you passionate about Facebook’s product, analytics and technology? The Analytics team is looking for fast-moving analytics candidates and data junkies who want to make an impact. Candidates will help own analytics for a particular product or business at Facebook and work with product managers and engineers to translate the analysis into meaningful impact to the business. Please note that candidates will have a general interview and then we will make a determination of actual team assignments.	RESPONSIBILITIES	Perform large-scale data analysis and develop effective statistical models for segmentation, classification, optimization, time series, etc.	Design and implement reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights	Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations and influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating results to cross-functional groups	Work closely with Product or Engineering & Operations teams to proactively create rule and manage decisions	Prioritize leads so that the teams work on the most valuable cases	Suggest improvements in the tools and techniques to help scale the team	MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS	Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors, Masters or PhD degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field	Experience utilizing both qualitative analysis (e.g., content analysis, phenomenology, hypothesis testing) and quantitative analysis techniques (e.g., clustering, regression, pattern recognition, descriptive and inferential statistics)	Experience in presenting qualitative and quantitative data	Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment	PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS	Experience as a Programmer - Python, Perl, Java, and/or C++	Experience in collaborating with individuals and organizations	Internship experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches	Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
Saudi Aramco is seeking an Engineer for the development and implementation of data analytics solutions to join the Process & Control Systems Department/Advanced Process Solutions Division, based in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.		The Advanced Process Solutions Division provides engineering expertise in Manufacturing Operations Management, Decisions Support Applications, Advanced Process Control, Process Modeling and Optimization, and Advanced Analytics technologies.		The successful candidate will have a strong background in data science, machine learning, statistical modeling as well as a basic knowledge of standard process historians. Experience with data science and machine learning is required.		The candidate should understand statistical and predictive modeling concepts, as well as supervised and unsupervised learning techniques.	Minimum Requirements:	BS in Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering or other related degree from an accredited university.		Advanced degree in data analytics, data science, applied statistics, operations research, process optimization or a related quantitative discipline is an asset.		Course work in applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, and optimization techniques is a must.		Understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, neural networks, clustering and classification techniques, and optimization algorithms is required.		Knowledge of Python, R, Matlab & other machine learning frameworks is a must. General analytics (e.g. INFORMS CAP) and/or platform specific certification as an asset.		Experience with selecting appropriate machine learning algorithms, building predictive and forecasting models, and solution deployment and maintenance is desirable.		Experience with deployment of advanced analytics solutions based on machine learning techniques in upstream and downstream processes will be an asset.		Knowledge of plant automation systems, standard real time interfaces such as OPC and process historians such as PI is desirable.		Experience with identification of new advanced analytics use cases, business value quantification and working with multi-disciplinary teams on delivering analytics solutions will be an asset.		Awareness of Digital Transformation area and experience with delivering Digitalization initiatives will be an asset.		Candidates should have 5-10 years of experience in a technical specialty, have experience in oil and gas business and applications (refineries, gas plants, producing), and recognized as a potential technical leader in his/her field.	Duties & Responsibilities:	The candidate will be responsible for the following:		Provides expert advice and assistance to Company organizations, outside vendors, and technology firms on matters relating to his/her area of expertise.		Originates and carries out studies to identify potential advanced analytics use cases and applications to existing problems resolve complex technical problems, increase revenue, optimize processes, protect the environment, or improve safety using their advanced analytics/data science background.		Develops and maintains Best Practices, or other documentation to enhance company profitability, safety and productivity in the advanced analytics/data science area.		Examines the business problem and identifies the required learning task (i.e. classification, clustering, regression, forecasting … etc.)		Selects appropriate Machine Learning algorithms suited for the selected learning task and condition/structure of the data. This includes but not limited to Decision Tree/Forest, Support Vector Machines, kNN, Neural Network and deep learning.		Builds and deploys predictive models using algorithms such as linear/logistic/dynamic regression to address the business needs.		Reviews and evaluates the capabilities of vendors and contractors to determine their acceptability to perform major services to Aramco.		Acts as Aramco’s representative in dealings with vendors and manufacturers pertaining to their field of experience.		Works on or with Task Forces assigned to investigate incidents or solve specific problems using their data science/analytics background. Undertakes special assignments requiring extensive technical experience and discretion when dealing with outside organizations.		Conducts presentations in the resolution of technical problems with personnel in other organizations.		Writes papers for peer-reviewed journals on studies and projects they has overseen.		Provides leadership to others assigned to assist them.		Acts as a professional mentor to less senior specialists and engineers.		Promotes a learning environment and implements self-development to maintain and improve expert status within his/her specialty.	About us:	The Engineering & Project Management (E&PM) business line studies, plans and oversees the construction of the Company’s new facilities, including some of the biggest and most complex projects in the petroleum industry. Recently, Saudi Aramco completed the largest capital program in its history that included new or expanded oil, gas and petrochemical facilities, raising maximum sustainable crude oil production capacity to 12 million barrels per day and significantly increasing gas production and processing capacities. Among the recently completed projects was the largest crude oil increment in the history of the industry: Khurais, with a production capacity of 1.2 million barrels per day. More challenges lie ahead, with a slate of new or expanded oil, gas, refining and petrochemical projects in the works. E&PM also manages the Company’s Research & Development Center where scientists investigate topics such as the desulfurization of crude oil, advanced fuel formulations for next generation combustion engines, and reservoir nano-scale robots (Resbots™) for injection into reservoirs to record their properties.
Fakespot is looking for a data scientist to join our team on-site in our NYC office.Fakespot is a review authentication service used by millions of users to verify reviews on popular platforms by using artificial intelligence and data analytics. Our primary mission is to increase trust and transparency on the Internet.Who you areYou have a passion for solving complex analytical problems with statistical strength and a strong background in machine learning. You thrive in a collaborative environment, welcome feedback and exhibit strong attention to detail. You are happiest in a fast-paced environment with little red tape and the ability to make an immediate impact. We will have disruptive challenges that have not been solved in the frontier of data authentication.Qualities we'd like to see in youSolid chops with statistical analysisPerform data exploration to recognize future potential modelsNLP experience with at least one of these frameworks: CoreNLP, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlowRequirements:You have deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modelingYou have a degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative fieldYou are comfortable working with large data sets and analyzing complex data with SQL and other tools such as Python or RYou have a strong bias to action, delivering results quickly with iteration instead of waiting for perfectionYou are able to multitask and work on multiple ongoing projects, with minimal oversight, documentation, and defined processYou are acquainted with numerous libraries used for machine learning such as TensorFlow, Keras and PyTorchYou have good communication skillsJob Types: Full-time, InternshipExperience:Data Science: 1 year (Required)Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Processing: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Understanding: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:New York, NY 10001 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule::Monday to Friday
Data Scientist Job Description			The Senior Data Scientist will be a part of the S&P Global Market Intelligence (SPGMI) Data Science team.			The Role:			Discover insights and identify opportunities through the use of statistics, algorithms, data mining and visualization techniques	Build and evaluate models, make predictions, gather results, and communicate findings to stakeholders	Evaluate the big picture and solve problems rather than looking at metrics alone	Use advanced business knowledge and advanced machine learning techniques to acquire, combine & transform multiple dataset to solve a business use case	Collaborate with engineering and product teams to create and build strategic models that drive product improvements while maintaining cost efficiency	Build and maintain re-usable machine learning and model validation procedures for the rest of the team to use		Experience and qualifications:			Bachelors Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research or related fields preferred (Masters degree an advantage)		5+ years practical experience with statistical analysis and creating complex models, preferably in the financial services sector		Excellent analytical and problem solving skills		Advanced experience in at least one data analysis/data transformation package (R, Python, Alteryx)		Exposure to one or more data discovery, data visualization tools		5+ years of hypothesis testing, web analytics and python scripting		Experience with Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing		Ability to remain focused and to think logically in a fast-paced environment		(NICE TO HAVE)			experience with nlp		exposure to reinforcement learning		exposure to information retrieval (search)
Blink Health is a well-funded healthcare technology company on a mission to make prescription drugs more accessible and affordable for everyone. We're scaling up in a highly complex vertical to change the way Americans access the prescription drugs they need.			Our proprietary platform and supply chain allows us to offer everyone whether they have insurance or not amazingly inexpensive prices on over 15,000 medications. With the addition of telemedicine and home delivery for prescriptions, Blink is providing a life-changing experience for people all over the country and fixing how opaque, unfair and overpriced healthcare has become. We are a highly collaborative team of builders and operators who invent new ways of working in an industry that historically has resisted innovation. Join us!			Success:			The Data and Analytics team is a small team building the Big Data infrastructure at Blink; responsible for architecting and building infrastructure, frameworks and tooling to enable data driven decisions in addition to developing reports, dashboards, and metrics to provide accurate and timely information. The team also supports various product and business groups with recommendation and in-depth analyses. Our data platforms are built using tools available on AWS including Redshift, Data Pipeline, Spark, Looker.			As a data scientist, you will be a thought leader within the analytics team designing and building our metrics framework, and evolving it as we grow. You will work closely with engineers and business stakeholders across the company, developing and maintaining key performance and insight reports that help product teams and leadership make decisions on products and services. You will set a high bar for owning performance metrics ideation, creation, and enhancements.			How to achieve success/acumen:			All Blinkers are expected to operate with our value of "Good Giving" in mind. Our culture is infused with the dedication and enthusiasm of employees who continuously strive to make a difference. Here's how you will do that in this role.			Good Execution - Do your best work			Do your best work by investigating, designing, and building high quality analytics metrics and frameworks. Maintain and optimize analytics as needs evolve, and work with multiple internal customers to define models, then train and support your customers to self-service on analytics tools.			Good Owner - Be the CEO of your role			Be the CEO of your role through helping teams ship new products and features successfully with the right information to understand how to serve our customers; taking responsibility for the long term success of products, projects, and people.			Good Learning - Learn something new every day			Learn something new every day through leading by example to put new ideas into action, being willing to fail fast and learn. Demonstrate interest in learning new techniques and developing best practices.			Good Feedback - Consider the perspective of others			Consider the perspective of others by listening actively and responding effectively through a variety of channels. Give and receive candid and constructive feedback. Promote trust and encourage teamwork allow the teams to do their best work with you.			Required Experience:	5+ years experience having worked in an analytics role. Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and designing KPIs.	3+ years experience working with analytics platforms such as Looker, QuickSight, Tableau to create new analytics capabilities.	Demonstrated versatility in working with different types of data and data models: financial, digital marketing, transactional e-commerce, event-level product data, etc.	Demonstrated expertise in SQL with a track record of designing and building product analytics.	Demonstrated expertise at communicating effectively with other engineers, designers, product managers, and leaders, with collaborative examples on creating top-tier analytics solutions.	BA/BS or Master's degree in a quantitative field such as; Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills.	Desired Experience:	Healthcare-relevant company experience as part of the required experience above, with demonstrated industry knowledge of handling sensitive information.	Why Join Us:	At Blink, we put humans first. We want everyone at Blink to be able to do the best work of their lives. We are a relentlessly learning, constantly curious and aggressively collaborative cross-functional team dedicated to inventing new ways to improve the lives of our customers.			Learn more:	Blink Website		Blink Pharmacy App for Android		Blink Pharmacy App for iOS			We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity of all kinds. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Essential Responsibilities	Lead projects and research initiatives	Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications	Design and analyze experiments	Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems	Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations	Mentor junior team members	Desired Skills and Experience	7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems	7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms	Proficient level of understanding in the following areas and an expert in at least one: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research	Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies	Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages	Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.)	Knowledge of NoSQL systems, Hadoop/map-reduce, Spark, Hbase, etc.	Experience in database design and SQL	Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment	Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus)	Education	M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.) is required
The New York City Council is the legislative body of the City of New York. In that role, the Council also has powerful oversight authority over city government. The Oversight and Investigations Division (O&I) was established in 2018 and is dedicated to conducting oversight into City agency activities and other important matters.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESThe Data Scientist will join the Data Analytics Team of the Oversight and Investigations Division, partnering with Division staff to develop and enhance investigations through data analytics.Responsibilities will include:Collect and manipulate data to conduct exploratory analysisCreate data visualizations to present resultsWork closely with O&I staff to plan and conduct investigationsREQUIREMENTSBachelors degree from an accredited university in a quantitative disciplineStrong quantitative and problem-solving skillsExperience (2+ years) with Python or RAbility to effectively present results using visualizationsAbility to work on multiple projects simultaneouslyAbility to communicate technical results to both technical and non-technical audiencesAbility to work collaboratively with other data scientists and O&I staffExperience or interest in government and/or policyExperience in investigationsNew York City residency required within 90 days of appointment.THE NEW YORK CITY COUNCIL IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERJob Type: Full-time
Position summary	As part of the Sales Strategy and Optimization team you serve as a dedicated partner and cross-vertical specialist to a global operating division. The team is currently in need of a Data Scientist to provide insight and innovation to our Sales Management and Executive Leadership teams by evaluating sales metrics, trends and tools. This role requires utmost attention to detail, strong analytical capabilities, and the ability to meet time sensitive deadlines. Qualified candidates will be self-starters with an entrepreneurial mindset driven to achieve results both independently and as a collaborative team player. This role offers executive-level exposure to IHS Markit’s global business leaders and ultimately reports into the MD/SVP of Global Financial Services Sales.	Duties & Accountabilities	Analyzing and researching existing dashboards built in PowerBI and Salesforce to formulate models and trends	Communicate results on a regular basis to Sales Management to drive business decisions	Develop new dashboards, models, and methodologies to identify areas of need and further analysis to help answer common questions such as:	What is our win/loss ratio?	What is our Sales ROI by region?	Advise on inventive ways to optimize/streamline existing processes	Suggesting new processes, tools and apps to the sales and management teams to improve the productivity of our sales, support and marketing groups globally	Evaluate, adopt and expand the usage of current systems as we work toward efficiencies and optimization.	Additional ideas on metrics to help the team manage and drive revenue	Business competencies	Education and experience	Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field	5 – 7+ years’ practical experience	Ability to understand various data structures, relational object models and databases	Advanced Excel skills with experience in Power BI and Salesforce.com is preferred	-	IHS Markit is committed to providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the laws and regulations in any of our locations.	We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up.	IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work.	For information please click on the following links:	IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct	Right to Work	EEO is the Law	EEO is the Law Supplement	Pay Transparency Statement	-	Current Colleagues	If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site.
Description	-----------		We are seeking a Data Scientist to solve some of our hardest technical challenges. You will work closely with our clients, fellow engineers, deployment strategists, and others across the company to implement projects from start to finish, participating in data discovery, analysis, algorithm development, feature extraction, and delivery of results.		You have a real passion for using dirty, disparate data to optimize business processes, and highlight relevant metrics and insightful stories. You prefer asking the right question as opposed to offering the right answer. You appreciate ambiguity and are comfortable guiding others while obsessing over details.		We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply.		What You'll Do			Explore Data - Understand and identify preliminary signals in the data prior to deep processing. Quickly analyze the dataset to assess its usefulness for machine learning.	Prototype Models ­ Develop features, uncover patterns, and build models.	Explore Techniques - From simple regressions to neural networks, we use a variety of techniques. You'll have the freedom to explore multiple methods to squeeze insights out of data.	Productize Models ­ A pattern is good, but a prescriptive solution is better. Build products that help our customers get the most out of their data and workflows.		Requirements	------------			Masters in a quantitative discipline (e.g. Stats, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.)	5+ years of experience in data science/machine learning roles	3+ years of experience working with geospatial data together with spatial risk/catastrophe modeling and/or environmental modeling	Advanced knowledge of machine learning methods and statistical principles, including experience in Bayesian statistics, anomaly detection, and/or time series forecasting	Well versed in Python or R (and willingness to continue to learn the Python ecosystem)	Proven experience designing and delivering solutions using large, real-world datasets to support business decisions		Benefits	--------			Mission Driven - Some companies use AI to serve better digital ads and trade stocks, we seek to make our communities safer and more resilient.	Top Compensation - Competitive compensation package.	Best in Class Medical Coverage - 100% benefits and premiums paid.	Prime NoHo Location - Our office sits in the heart of NYC's historic NoHo district and is just minutes away from the BDFM and 6 subway lines.	Health Perks - Gym reimbursement and citibike membership.	Strong Culture - collaborative office focused on teamwork, humility, and hustle.	Catered lunch on Thursdays, plus a kitchen filled with snacks and drinks.		We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
PepsiCo operates in an environment undergoing immense and rapid change, driven by eCommerce and emergent retail technologies. To ensure continued success in the food and beverage space, PepsiCo has assembled a dedicated eCommerce team – tasked with optimizing eCommerce operations and developing innovations that will give PepsiCo a sustainable competitive advantage. While tied closely to broader PepsiCo, the eCommerce group more closely resembles a start-up environment; embracing the core values of having a bias for action, being results-oriented, maintaining a community-focus, and prioritizing people.		PepsiCo’s Data Science and Analytics group is a team of data scientists, technology specialists, and business innovators who operate within eCommerce to build industry-leading systems and solutions. By focusing on machine learning and automation, the Data Science & Analytics group is pushing the bounds of possibility for PepsiCo and its strategic partners.		What PepsiCo Data Science & Analytics does:	Build and extend deep learning solutions which drive business growth	Build machine learning systems to understand the cross-channel grocery ecosystem	Perform statistical analysis across diverse datasets to drive and measure performance	Work with PepsiCo’s strategic partners to expand their technical capabilities, thereby creating a more robust data environment Utilize natural language understanding techniques to uncover insights from contextual data	Develop scalable tools to drive automation and optimize business operations	As a Data Scientist, you will play a critical role in executing the global eCommerce growth agenda. You will be tasked with identifying, designing, and implementing data science/machine learning solutions to business problems. You will collaborate with the larger data science and analytics teams to create a robust, shared codebase; on which PepsiCo will build automated eCommerce systems. You will work with internal business stakeholders and strategic partners to identify opportunities for collaborative development and foster a data-driven culture between relevant teams.		Responsibilities:	Work with the larger data science team to analyze large data sets and develop custom models/algorithms to uncover trends, patterns and insights	Write clean, organized machine learning code using standard software engineering methodologies	Provide critical thought leadership to enhance organizational capabilities by utilizing big and small data; work with DSA team members to identify and execute on opportunities for enhancement	Qualifications/Requirements	Education in a computer science/math related technical field (Masters preferred, bachelors minimum)	Development experience in Python Experience and or familiarity NumPy, Pandas, Sklearn, SQL/NoSQL databases	Experience using Tensorflow or similar framework to design custom deep learning systems	Expert in mathematical models underlying data science methods, understanding the trade-offs between different solutions Candidate should be a competent software engineer capable of contributing to our software repository and owning/leading complex ML software projects Experience in designing systems to solve business problems	Demonstrated ability to effectively and concisely communicate with both business and technical audiences Bonus points for deep RL or NLP experience	Relocation Eligible: Not Applicable	Job Type: Regular		All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.		PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity		Our Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other applicable laws, including but not limited to, San Francisco Police Code Sections 4901 - 4919, commonly referred to as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance; and Chapter XVII, Article 9 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code, commonly referred to as the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.		If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy		Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team	NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.	NIKE, Inc.'s storytellers, Marketing and Communication sets the brand tone. A creative force of specialists tell Nike’s stories of innovation and sport through advertising, brand strategy, digital engagement and product presentation. Using channels ranging from retail stores to social media, Marketing & Communication teams connect the science and art of Nike innovations to the hearts and minds of athletes around the world.	Joining us in Nike’s Digital Innovation Studio in New York City, the Associate Data Scientist, SNKRS App will embed themselves within Nike Digital’s SNKRS digital product management team serving as a data and analytics center of excellence. With our strategic focus on the evolution of the digital launch business and strengthening the consumer’s connection within the Nike digital ecosystem, this position plays a key role in driving sneaker culture forward for both Nike and the Jordan Brand.		We are looking for scientists with tech industry experience to help build our core data products and machine learning and statistical modeling processes. We want someone who loves modeling and writing code, someone who likes to dive in, solve problems, and create premier experiences for Nike consumers.		Key responsibilities:	Use contemporary data science and analytics methods and tools to derive actionable business insights	Master big data fundamentals: gather, clean, and validate large amounts of data on Nike’s cloud platform	Create foundational pipelines and repeatable production queries in our data warehouse to analyze large sets of internal data on billions of consumer interactions	Develop processes and continuous improvement of core projects through automation and process enhancement	Create reports and visualizations of core app features and marketing campaigns to help communicate technical results and concepts to a non-technical audience	Provide ongoing insights and analysis on consumer engagement, experience, and usage of the SNKRS platform	Contribute to larger consumer statistical modeling and machine learning projects	Manage multiple concurrent projects in fast-paced environment		BA/BS degree required; a focus in statistics, econometrics, applied math, or a quantitative behavioral sciences field strongly preferred	2+ years’ experience doing quantitative analysis on digital products or digital marketing experiences is a plus	Required Skills	Ability to work in multiple data environments and perform complex joins, data cleaning, and feature creation using SQL or SQL based languages (Hive) is required	Experience with statistical software, e.g., R or Python	Experience working with real-world, structured and unstructured data	Experience with data visualization, e.g., Tableau	Experience analyzing and manipulating data sets to understand patterns and provide insights	Excellent communications skills, in particular, the ability to communicate technical content to general audience	Core mathematical ability to understand and apply state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms and/or statistical modeling	Preferred Skills	Experience collecting / creating data when the perfect data don’t exist	Consumer experience with Nike digital apps (NTC, NRC, SNKRS, Nike App)	Knowledge of Nike’s physical merchandise and company history	Passion for Nike sneakers and sneaker culture		NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.	NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.
At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters get moving in more than 600 cities around the world.		We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together.	About the Role		Are you interested in working at the intersection of applied quantitative research, engineering development, and data science? Do you have an interest in developing and applying quantitative solutions uniquely challenging problems on Uber Eats? If so, then this is the job for you.	What you'll need		We are looking for people with advanced quantitative degrees who are comfortable enough with research methodologies that they can address abstract business and product problems with extreme precision, and who have the enthusiasm and initiative necessary to deliver those answers at Uber's fast pace. You should also have demonstrable programming skills and be comfortable with the engineering development process.		Must have 1+ years industry experience outside of academic or internship setting.	Superb quantitative background (e.g. statistics, math, machine learning, operations research, economics, EECS, etc.): Graduate degree required and PhD preferred. Prior research, data science modeling, or engineering experience in the aforementioned domains	Familiarity with technical tools for analysis - Python (with Pandas, etc.), R, SQL, etc.; previous software engineering background a plus	Research mindset with bias towards action - able to structure a project from idea to experimentation to prototype to implementation	Passionate and attentive self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you have a great work ethic and love the responsibility of being held accountable for the results		About the Team	Uber Eats Data Scientists help solve the most challenging problems related to Uber's ambitious and rapidly expanding on-demand food delivery businesses, which currently operates in more than 45 countries globally and is the largest outside of China. These fascinating and difficult problems include personalized search and recommendation for restaurants and dishes, travel and food preparation time prediction, text mining and natural language processing, demand and supply forecasting, growth and spend optimization, dynamic pricing, dispatch and routing optimization, and many more. Below is a list of sub domains within the team:	Restaurant (NYC) | The restaurant team aims to increase restaurant selection on Uber Eats while setting up restaurant partners for success. We leverage statistics and machine learning techniques to optimize the experience of restaurants at different life cycles. From onboarding, to menu creation, marketing, and order experience, we empower them with tools to increase demand and maintain a frictionless interaction with the platform.	Marketplace - Logistics and Marketplace Intelligence (NYC) | From dispatch and routing optimization to predicting food delivery time, the Logistics and & MI team provides DS solutions to create the best customer experience on all sides of the Eats marketplace in the most efficient way. The team also provides marketplace management solutions using state of the art machine learning techniques and our dispatch simulator.
About Us		Decode_M is a new kind of insights and strategy firm. We Decode Data into Momentum™ for individuals, organizations and movements. This means, for each client in our diverse portfolio (think Estee Lauder Companies, Airbnb, WeWork, Brooklyn Brewery, the NHL), we use wide-ranging data sources to diagnose what’s most in the way of our clients’ ambition and then advise them on how to move forward.		We’re a tight-knit group that’s sharp, a little quirky and extremely collaborative. And we’re big fans of lunch. Seriously. We love a good lunch.		The Opportunity		We’re actively looking to recruit a Junior Data Scientist with 1-3 years of experience who, among other things, can support the team in developing scalable data solutions for the team and our client challenges. This position, based in New York City, requires a strong interest in digital, analytics, data science, and quantitative and qualitative research, a natural curiosity, an eagerness to dive into the deep end, and a hunger to learn and grow while having a blast. Expect to learn a lot about cool companies, new products, and the latest in digital, analytics, research and strategy.		Who You Are		You’ve solved a difficult or time-intensive problem by writing a quick program	You’ve used an API to get data into or out of your favorite web app	You’ve optimized a SQL query in order to make it run faster	You’ve conducted statistical analyses outside of an academic setting	You know your way around R, pandas, and numpy	You’ve built a web dashboard to automate data analysis and visualization (preferably using Flask)	You’ve deployed supervised and unsupervised machine learning models (preferably with Scikit-Learn)			If this sounds like you… keep reading.		What You'll Do		Build Data Tools: Extract data from social media, online reviews, mainstream media sites, search, web traffic, etc. to uncover intelligence around growth opportunities and business challenges.		Improve our Statistical Knowledgebase. Advance our capabilities for how statistics and machine learning should be used in analyzing digital trends, CRM data and quantitative research.		Develop Custom Viz. Transform data and insights into compelling and creative visualizations.		Scale our Data Solutions. Creatively identify opportunities in our process for scalable applications, and collaborating with others to construct these tools.		Be a part of the Team. Support the creation of of client materials and other deliverables, and help anticipate what's needed next. Look for bumps in the road and know when to raise your hand for help.		Help us grow. Be on alert for new business opportunities, with existing clients and potential ones. Tap into your experience and passions to come up with ideas, or ask thoughtful questions that encourage ideas, to drive our continued growth.		Skills/Qualifications		You are proficient with Python, R, SQL, and Microsoft Excel; you have experience working with APIs	You have experience using applied statistics, and you’re comfortable working with imperfect data	You are an autodidact, who loves to figure out solutions to problems by diving deep into Stack Overflow (or your preferred resource)	You are curious, inquisitive, proactive, organized, and methodical. You like to use substantiated data to both identify and solve problems, rather than trust your gut alone	You have an understanding of qualitative and quantitative research and/or digital analytics	You have strong communication and writing skills	You have the ability to juggle multiple priorities and pay attention to details when things are moving quickly		What You Can Expect From Us		We go beyond providing a competitive salary and benefits. We want our people to be successful – in work and in life. From on-the-job learning to formal classes, seminars, and online courses, we’ll invest in you and we’ll help you grow. Promise.		We’re an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all our employees.			How To Apply		Send your resume and a cover letter to jobs@decode-m.com.
The D. E. Shaw group is seeking a data scientist to join its Human Capital Analytics and Products (HCAP) team. Members of HCAP are curators of employee data and leverage it to help answer strategic and operational talent questions for leaders across the business.	Explore	Leadership	Founder	Our People	Hear from the Group	Core Principles	Diversity and Inclusion	Community Impact	Sustainability		Investment Approach	Managing Risk	Renewables	Industry Leadership	How To Join	Career Development	Choose Your Path	Interviewing	Internships	Upcoming Events	Fellowships	Application FAQ	What you’ll do day-to-day	The data scientist will be responsible for envisioning, implementing, and maintaining the technical infrastructure that will drive HCAP’s people analytics priorities forward. The output of this effort will be automated reporting products and data visualizations that provide efficient access to talent insights for senior business leaders throughout the firm. This position provides ample opportunities to collaborate with technical professionals across the firm and deliver best-in-class people analytics infrastructure, including the design and implementation of a central data warehouse.	Who we're looking for	Ideal applicants will have a bachelor’s degree or higher and three to five years of relevant work experience developing automated analytical reporting products in a business setting. Experience building ETLs, manipulating data at scale, and overseeing the technical operations of data infrastructure is essential.	Knowledge of scripting languages for data retrieval and transformation (e.g., R, Python, SQL) is critical. The ability to collaborate with a product manager and software development team in the architecture of a central data warehouse that will facilitate efficient reporting automation is also vital.	Familiarity with business intelligence programs (e.g., Tableau, Qlik, Pentaho, Shiny) and leading practices in data visualization is desired.	Individuals who possess a dedicated customer service mentality, excellent interpersonal communication skills, an ability to see how small details impact the bigger picture, and a knack for rapid problem solving are highly sought after.	Willingness to dive into details, collaborate effectively with teammates, and drive projects to completion is imperative. The ability to exercise extreme discretion with confidential information is also essential.	People analytics experience is preferred but not required.	The members of the D. E. Shaw group do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, or any other category protected by law. Note that for us, this is more than just a legal boilerplate. We are genuinely committed to these principles, which form an important part of our corporate culture, and are eager to hear from extraordinarily well qualified individuals having a wide range of backgrounds and personal characteristics.		The D. E. Shaw group may collect, use, hold, transfer, and process candidates'' resumes and associated information (including personal information contained therein) for purposes reasonably related to their application, including without limitation: review and management of employment applications and supporting materials; administration and management of offers to and communication with candidates; and administration, management, and improvement of the recruiting operations of the D. E. Shaw group; and/or where reasonably required in connection with a proposed sale, spin-out, reorganization, or outsourcing of all or some of the business of the D. E. Shaw group. The D. E. Shaw group will not use such information for purposes unrelated to the foregoing, such as direct marketing of third-party products to candidates, without candidate consent. As used herein, the term "personal information" is meant to broadly describe information identifying or relating to a specific individual; it is intended to encompass "personal data," "sensitive personal data," and "personally identifiable information" and similar terms, as those terms are defined by law in the jurisdictions in which the D. E. Shaw group operates.	The D. E. Shaw group may transfer such personal information within and outside the country and jurisdiction of the locations where the D. E. Shaw group maintains offices, to other D. E. Shaw group affiliates, to government and regulatory authorities, and to third parties which provide or may provide support and/or services to the D. E. Shaw group and for the purposes set forth above. The persons who may have access to this personal information are other employees of the D. E. Shaw group, in connection with the performance of their duties of employment, and the other parties listed above, in connection with the business of the D. E. Shaw group. (Of course, candidates will be considered for employment opportunities only in those countries in which they express interest.)	The D. E. Shaw group will use reasonable care to maintain the confidentiality of personal information (including appropriate technical measures against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information) and will retain such data as required by applicable law or regulation. Candidates have the right to request access to, and correction of, their personal information in accordance with applicable law; any such request should be submitted to recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com. Candidates who have submitted a resume to the D. E. Shaw group and do not wish to proceed with their applications should email cvwithdraw@deshaw.com. Personal information of candidates who have been the subject of background checks may have been transferred in accordance with applicable regulations, including without limitation the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield; any concerns with such transfers should be submitted to backgroundcheck-inquiries@deshaw.com.	The D. E. Shaw group may retain candidates’ information for use in future recruitment exercises; candidates who do not agree to such future use should email recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.	New York City HQ	1166 Avenue of the Americas	New York, NY 10036
The Mayor’s Office of the Chief Technology Officer (MOCTO) facilitates citywide coordination and collaboration on technology issues, serves as a catalyst for and advises agencies on innovation, and interacts with the wider New York City technology ecosystem. MOCTO proactively engages with technologists to help influence the delivery of new technologies that can positively impact the public realm. MOCTO helps prepare the City for technology transformation and the outcomes that will impact the future of our City, from urban planning, to government services, to policy and decision-making.			The Data Scientist will report to the Deputy Chief Technology Officer for Digital in the Mayor’s Office of the Chief Technology Officer (MOCTO).			Responsibilities will include:		Work closely with Product Managers and Web Developers to gain insights from data in order to deliver higher quality, lower cost services online;Work under the direction of a Product Manager when working on a specific team, product, or project;Manipulate and analyze data to identify patterns and predict outcomes;Create data visualizations to communicate insights;Establish data-related project deliverables, including: scope, timeline, reporting cadence, impact, quality measures, and technical documentation;Perform special technology or data science-related projects, as assigned;Build predictive analytics models.	The position’s responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City’s EEO policy.				Minimum Qual Requirements			1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 24 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent scientific, technical, electronic or related area, and four years of satisfactory fulltime experience in the performance of analytical, planning, operational, technical, or administrative duties in a voice and/or data telecommunications or closely related electronics planning, management, and/or service organization, one year of which must have been in a highly specialized capacity and 18 months must have been in an executive, managerial, or administrative capacity or in the supervision of staff performing work in the voice and/or data telecommunications field; or		2. An associate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 12 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent, scientific, technical, electronic or related area and five years of experience as described in "1" above; or		3. Education and/or experience equivalent to "1" above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and one year of the specialized experience as described in "1" above and must possess the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience as described in "1" above.				Preferred Skills			The preferred candidate should possess the following:		3+ years of relevant work and/or academic experience, including experience in high-pressure, entrepreneurial environments;A combination of statistics and computer science fluency;Deep familiarity with Python and R;A reviewable portfolio of data visualizations;Data imaging and processing experience;Comfort working with both structured and unstructured data;Experience in building and manipulating predictive analytics models;Knowledge of commonly used databases, such as SQL, MySQL, and Mongo DB;A growth mindset.				To Apply			Special Note: Taking and passing civil service exams are necessary to maintain employment with the City of New York. Please check the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) website (http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/exam_monthly.shtml) for important exam filing information. Please ensure that you are either a permanent employee in the civil service title listed on this posting, or, that you file for the examination when there is an open filing period. For more information regarding the civil service process, please visit the DCAS website at: http://www.nyc.gov/html/dcas/html/work/work.shtml			Interested applicants with other civil service titles who meet the preferred requirements should also submit a resume for consideration	For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID #405566	For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID #405566		SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEW	APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT APPROVAL	The Department of Information Technology & Telecommunications and the City of New York are equal opportunity employers.	DoITT participates in E-Verify				Hours/Shift			Day - Due to the necessary support duties of this position in a 24/7 operation, candidate may be required to work various shifts such as weekends and/or nights/evenings.				Work Location			New York, NY				Residency Requirement			New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
Explore the possibilities across our global house of brands.	Defined by inclusivity rather than exclusivity, Tapestry embraces the exploration of individuality and invests in helping you grow personally and professionally. Every individual in our global house has the opportunity to make an impact, learn and be part of our growing and unique story.	At Tapestry, we have the freedom to express ourselves and run with our best ideas across Coach, Kate Spade New York, and Stuart Weitzman. We share a profound belief in both our individual and collective potential, and know that with hard work and dedication, anything is possible.			Primary Purpose:	The Data Scientist Analytics & Insights is a position focusing on applying data science techniques and analytics thinking to fuel the growth of Tapestry brands internationally. This role will report to the Global Strategy & Data Labs group, analytics & insights team which supports the Coach, Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade.	We are looking for smart and self-driven individuals with a passion for discovery, innovation, and the power of data science and advanced analytics to drive financial results and improve customer experiences. We work collaboratively with business partners across the organization to determine the right questions to ask, pursue the best opportunities, share insights, and develop practical business recommendations.		The successful individual will leverage their proficiency in analytics and insights to...	Consult cross-functional partners on designing data-driven analyses, strategies and tools	Perform large-scale data science methodology to extract useful business insights and unlock new strategies and optimizations	Translate analyses to data stories, identify actionable solutions and recommendations to influence the direction of the business by communicating results to cross-functional groups	Design and develop data visualization to help external partner understand data insights	Gather and define business requirements for data science tools and models and work with internal partners to ensure pipeline for future business analyses.	Establish best practices and provide guidance to global counterparts.	Collaborate with our data engineers to innovate in the sourcing, management, and use of data.	Collaborate with our data science algorithm and engineer team to innovate potential data science products and solutions	Communicate and present findings to leadership level business partners		An outstanding professional will have...	1-2+ years of experience working on data science projects and quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment	Experience with programming languages such as R, Python and SQL	Experience with BI tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI)	Experience with Google Analytics and BigQuery	Experience with D3.js or other advanced data visualization tools is a plus	Proficiency to tell compelling and concise narratives with complex data	Hands-on, Fast learner, self-driven, natural curiosity, and enthusiasm for data science	Experience working cross functionally and interacting with partners at all levels	Excellent communication, teamwork and relationship building skills	Demonstrated ability to leverage analytics into revenue driving initiatives	Ability to evaluate and change priorities daily and to perform efficiently within a fast paced team environment	Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or related technical field; Master is a plus		Our Competencies for All Employees		Drive for Results: Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results.	Customer Focus: Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in products and services; acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect.	Creativity: Comes up with a lot of new and unique ideas; easily makes connections among previously unrelated notions; tends to be seen as original and value-added in brainstorming settings.	Interpersonal Savvy: Relates well to all kinds of people, up, down, and sideways, inside and outside the organization; builds appropriate rapport; builds constructive and effective relationships; uses diplomacy and tact; can diffuse even high-tension situations comfortably.	Learning on the Fly: Learns quickly when facing new problems; a relentless and versatile learner; open to change; analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement; experiments and will try anything to find solutions; enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks; quickly grasps the essence and the underlying structure of anything.	Perseverance: Pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish; seldom gives up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.	Dealing with Ambiguity: Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn’t upset when things are up in the air; doesn’t have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty.		Tapestry, Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we pride ourselves on hiring and developing the best people. All employment decisions (including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, discipline and termination) are based on the applicant’s or employee’s qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration. These decisions are made without regard to age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. #LI-JW1 Visit Tapestry, Inc. at http://www.tapestry.com/
Bioinformatics Analyst		Description	Elysium is seeking a Bioinformatics Data Scientist. In this position, you will be an essential member of our team and support new product development. You will work with multidisciplinary teams to perform and analyze complex genomic data analysis.		At Elysium, our mission and goal is to solve the most challenging aspects of health. Join our team of exceptional scientists, doctors and researchers focused on solving the most challenging and important aspects of health.	Responsibilities	Apply statistical modeling and/or machine learning approaches to analyzing biological data	Implement and develop innovative analytical approaches with translational impact for biological data	Advise and contribute to efficient study design and statistical analysis plans	Review, synthesize, interpret, and report on analysis results	Perform assessment of quality control metrics	Stay up-to-date with available bioinformatics tools through literature review and computational experiments	Contribute to a team of translational researchers committed to improving health	Place a priority on getting results with an emphasis on high quality outcomes	Display a willingness to challenge the status quo and take risks	Possess a strong sense of urgency that drives performance beyond expectations		Requirements		PhD or MS in Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biostatistics, Genetics, Computer Science, or a related field	Familiarity with fundamental concepts in genomics, statistics, and bioinformatics	Proficiency with R and Bioconductor packages, one or more programming languages (Python, Perl, etc)	Familiarity with high-performance computing environments and cloud services/management systems	Excellent collaboration and communication skills, both verbal and written		How you are benefited		Competitive Salary	High quality health insurance: As an employee at Elysium you’ll be able to pick between several medical, dental, and vision plans. All choices include healthcare support, on-demand primary care, and virtual support.	Flexible vacation: Hard work requires time off to rest and recharge. Elysium employees take vacation at their discretion (in consultation with their managers)	Monthly wellness reimbursement credit: Can be used towards gym memberships, therapy, massages, yoga, etc.	Professional Development: Team members are granted a stipend per year for continuing education expenses.	Kitchen fully stocked with snack options.	Catered lunches on Fridays	Team Outings	Dog Friendly Office
Are you ready for a career that places you at the forefront of technology? Do you have what it takes to completely exceed clients’ expectations? Have you decided that you want to be the very best at what you do?If you’re looking for a fast-paced environment where you can showcase your skills in consulting and technology and grow your competencies, we are the place for you. We offer a comprehensive benefits package and flexible work environment where you can make a difference in the wide variety of clients that we serve.***Insurance eligibility begins on the first day of the first month after hire date***Company Background: Business & Decision is a global management, strategy consulting and systems integration group solving business problems through Digital Transformation. As a leader in Digital Customer Experience and Data & Analytics, we leverage a unique combination of technical, functional and industry specialization as well as partnerships with key software vendors to deliver maximum-value projects and help clients break through barrier to innovation and business transformation.Position Overview: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Develop testing framework and test model quality.Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracyMandatory: · 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models and is familiar with the following software/tools:Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java,JavaScript, etc.Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etcDesired: Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience working with and creating data architectures.Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Education and/or CertificationsBachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative fieldJob Type: Full-timeExperience:manipulating data sets and building statistical models: 5 years (Preferred)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time off
About TriplebyteTriplebyte is transforming the way software engineers are hired. Our mission is to build an open, valuable and skills-based credential for all engineers. This is important because millions of people have skills (and deserve good jobs), but don’t fit the profile that recruiters seek. Another way of saying this is that talent is uniformly distributed, but opportunity is not. Our goal is to broaden the distribution of opportunity.To do this, we have built a background-blind technical assessment and interview process, and we use it to find engineers and help them get jobs at 450+ top companies. Our rich understanding of candidates’ skills and propriety machine learning models enable us to find the right match between our candidates and partner companies. This is why companies like Apple, Dropbox and American Express trust Triplebyte’s technical assessment to identify the best engineers for their open roles and reduce the time and effort it takes to hire them.We just raised a $35 million Series B and our team of 65 is growing quickly! Now is a great time to join as we're on an exciting growth trajectory. You will have lots of opportunities for taking on responsibility and developing new skills quickly.We're an experienced team, the founders have each built and sold companies before. Ammon and Guillaume founded Socialcam (acquired by Autodesk for $60 million) and Harj was the first partner hired at Y Combinator since its founding.Triplebyte screens and evaluates thousands of engineers per month to find the best candidates for our partner companies. Human decision making doesn't work at our scale; our marketplace is powered by automated assessment and decision making. Triplebyte has three cornerstone ML products: our quiz, our interview, and our matchmaking. As a machine learning engineer, you'll be responsible for the end-to-end process of designing and running experiments to serving production models at scale. Some of our pipelines use off the shelf components, but we're also implementing custom models and techniques from the latest research papers. We're also building forecasting tools for internal teams to measure and predict outcomes. This is an ideal role for an engineer or data scientist who wants the scope and responsibility to own features/products from the inception and research phase through to measuring real-world results.Fields your work will touch onPsychometricsRecommender systemsTime series analysisSurvival analysisBayesian inferenceProbabilistic programmingRequirementsRobust exploratory/experimental skills. We have a novel dataset of candidate profiles and interview outcomes from our candidate screening process and our hiring marketplace. You'll be responsible for designing and evaluating experiments to predict downstream outcomes.Ability to implement models from research. Some of our best improvements in both speed and predictiveness has come from doing literature surveys and implementing novel techniques from research papers.Engineering skills. This is a hybrid research/engineering role. You'll be responsible for productionizing your pipelines/models and integrating against our back-end services.Compensation and BenefitsCompetitive salary and stock options packageOpen vacation policyEmployer paid health, vision and dental insurance401(k) plan with matchingPre-tax commuter benefitsDaily catered lunchesOur MissionWe believe strongly in building a truly meritocratic, unbiased process for finding great talent. Even the best technology companies today still use where people went to college as a proxy for intelligence and ability. We're building a process that looks only at ability, not credentials, so we can have a future where everyone can focus on just learning and being good at what they do, not how they look on paper.Every aspect of running a company has been improved over the last decade, except hiring. Most decisions are still made using amorphous terms like "gut feel" or "culture fit". They should be made using crisp data. Only a company specializing on this problem, using data collected from the hiring process at hundreds of companies, can solve it. That's the company we're building. Our mission is creating a scientific method for identifying great talent and intelligently routing it to the best place. Starting with software engineers.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $135,000.00 to $190,000.00 /yearAdditional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planSigning bonusPaid time offFlexible scheduleParental leaveRelocation assistanceProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursement
Generate EmblemHealth Provider File reports and data analysis for a variety of internal and external customers. Create basic Provider dashboards pertaining to Product participation by service areas. Convert old processes in Access into SAS code, including streamlining network adequacy by specialty and product and product print directory data extractions. Transform current programs to fit new data infrastructure and ensure that data is accurately captured through parallel testing QA protocols. Generate ad-hoc provider reports that meet the various business needs of the requestors, which can include disruption, network adequacy, provider/facility termination and regulatory reports.Responsibilities: Program old databases to interface with current Provider information systems.Rewrite queries, currently written in Microsoft Access, and translate them into efficient SAS code.Run Quality Assurance protocols to ensure that the same information is translated into SAS code.Work with/mentor other team members to design and develop all standard and ad-hoc reports and analyses within the Provider Reporting team.Design dashboards & visualizations that demonstrate Provider Network participation by product line and service areas.Generate ad-hoc data reports for various internal and external stakeholders (includes meetings to determine user purpose and needs; ensure specifications are met, and to ensure that timelines and expectations are reasonable.Compile regulatory reports for network adequacy to the New York State Department of Health (NYS DOH).Produce disruption reports and network/product figures to sales and contractors for recruitment and request for proposal (RFP) purposes.Automate manual recurring data processes utilizing SAS.Additional duties as assigned.Qualifications: Bachelor’s degreeSAS Base Certification preferred4 – 6 years of related professional work experience required3+ years’ work experience in SAS programming requiredAdditional years of experience/training (i.e., SAS programming) may be considered in lieu of educational requirements requiredExcellent analytical, problem-solving, organizational, and project- and time- management skills requiredProven track record of successfully completing deliverables and projects within specified timeframes requiredProven ability to identify problems/bottlenecks and to provide recommendations to resolve them requiredAn intellectual curiosity and willingness to take initiative on various longstanding projects requiredExceptional interpersonal skills and written communication skills to frequently interact with all levels of the organization requiredProficiency with Microsoft Access query design and Excel functions requiredExperience working in a team environment, exercising independent thinking and achieving goals and deadlines requiredFamiliarity with healthcare operations data, (e.g., CPF or FACETS), preferredJob Type: Full-timeAdditional Compensation:Other formsWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time off
Fakespot is looking for a data scientist to join our team on-site in our NYC office.Fakespot is a review authentication service used by millions of users to verify reviews on popular platforms by using artificial intelligence and data analytics. Our primary mission is to increase trust and transparency on the Internet.Who you areYou have a passion for solving complex analytical problems with statistical strength and a strong background in machine learning. You thrive in a collaborative environment, welcome feedback and exhibit strong attention to detail. You are happiest in a fast-paced environment with little red tape and the ability to make an immediate impact. We will have disruptive challenges that have not been solved in the frontier of data authentication.Qualities we'd like to see in youSolid chops with statistical analysisPerform data exploration to recognize future potential modelsNLP experience with at least one of these frameworks: CoreNLP, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlowRequirements:You have deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modelingYou have a degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative fieldYou are comfortable working with large data sets and analyzing complex data with SQL and other tools such as Python or RYou have a strong bias to action, delivering results quickly with iteration instead of waiting for perfectionYou are able to multitask and work on multiple ongoing projects, with minimal oversight, documentation, and defined processYou are acquainted with numerous libraries used for machine learning such as TensorFlow, Keras and PyTorchYou have good communication skillsJob Types: Full-time, InternshipExperience:Data Science: 1 year (Required)Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Processing: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Understanding: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:New York, NY 10001 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule::Monday to Friday
Sr. Data AnalystAt Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering department is at the forefront of this challenge, building the tools that inform every aspect of our business.We are looking for a Sr. Data Analyst to join our Data team and help us perform complex analysis and modelling on our data warehouse. You will report directly to our VP of Engineering, and work cross-functionally across the entire organization to help us use data from a variety of sources to make better decisions—and to ask better questions.What You’ll Like About UsWe work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives.We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals.Noom is a respectful, diverse, and dynamic environment where you’ll be able to work on a variety of interesting problems that affect the lives of real people.Engineering enjoys generous budget for personal development like training courses, conferences, and books.We offer three weeks’ paid vacation, and a flexible work policy that is remote- and family-friendly. We worry about results, not time spent in seats.Delicious (and nutritious) daily lunches and snacks prepared by Sam and Marcelo, our NYC office on-site chefs.What We’re Looking For: At least 4+ years of experience in a business intelligence of data analysis capacity, with a focus in data extraction, interpretation, and reporting.Familiarity with the SQL language and with Excel / Google Sheets.A good working understanding of basic statistical analysis.Insatiable curiosity and excellent interpersonal skills; you will have to interface across multiple teams, and being able to establish good relationships across the org will be essential.Excellent communicator: comfort explaining technical problems in person and in writing.Self-starter: Much of the work in this role will be self-driven and both reactive (answering questions from various stakeholders) and proactive (coming up with new ideas to help improve Noom) in nature.Job Type: Full-time
Explore the possibilities across our global house of brands.	Defined by inclusivity rather than exclusivity, Tapestry embraces the exploration of individuality and invests in helping you grow personally and professionally. Every individual in our global house has the opportunity to make an impact, learn and be part of our growing and unique story.	At Tapestry, we have the freedom to express ourselves and run with our best ideas across Coach, Kate Spade New York, and Stuart Weitzman. We share a profound belief in both our individual and collective potential, and know that with hard work and dedication, anything is possible.			Primary Purpose:	The Data Scientist Analytics & Insights is a position focusing on applying data science techniques and analytics thinking to fuel the growth of Tapestry brands internationally. This role will report to the Global Strategy & Data Labs group, analytics & insights team which supports the Coach, Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade.	We are looking for smart and self-driven individuals with a passion for discovery, innovation, and the power of data science and advanced analytics to drive financial results and improve customer experiences. We work collaboratively with business partners across the organization to determine the right questions to ask, pursue the best opportunities, share insights, and develop practical business recommendations.		The successful individual will leverage their proficiency in analytics and insights to...	Consult cross-functional partners on designing data-driven analyses, strategies and tools	Perform large-scale data science methodology to extract useful business insights and unlock new strategies and optimizations	Translate analyses to data stories, identify actionable solutions and recommendations to influence the direction of the business by communicating results to cross-functional groups	Design and develop data visualization to help external partner understand data insights	Gather and define business requirements for data science tools and models and work with internal partners to ensure pipeline for future business analyses.	Establish best practices and provide guidance to global counterparts.	Collaborate with our data engineers to innovate in the sourcing, management, and use of data.	Collaborate with our data science algorithm and engineer team to innovate potential data science products and solutions	Communicate and present findings to leadership level business partners		An outstanding professional will have...	1-2+ years of experience working on data science projects and quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment	Experience with programming languages such as R, Python and SQL	Experience with BI tools (e.g. Tableau, Power BI)	Experience with Google Analytics and BigQuery	Experience with D3.js or other advanced data visualization tools is a plus	Proficiency to tell compelling and concise narratives with complex data	Hands-on, Fast learner, self-driven, natural curiosity, and enthusiasm for data science	Experience working cross functionally and interacting with partners at all levels	Excellent communication, teamwork and relationship building skills	Demonstrated ability to leverage analytics into revenue driving initiatives	Ability to evaluate and change priorities daily and to perform efficiently within a fast paced team environment	Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or related technical field; Master is a plus		Our Competencies for All Employees		Drive for Results: Can be counted on to exceed goals successfully; is constantly and consistently one of the top performers; very bottom-line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and others for results.	Customer Focus: Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in products and services; acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect.	Creativity: Comes up with a lot of new and unique ideas; easily makes connections among previously unrelated notions; tends to be seen as original and value-added in brainstorming settings.	Interpersonal Savvy: Relates well to all kinds of people, up, down, and sideways, inside and outside the organization; builds appropriate rapport; builds constructive and effective relationships; uses diplomacy and tact; can diffuse even high-tension situations comfortably.	Learning on the Fly: Learns quickly when facing new problems; a relentless and versatile learner; open to change; analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement; experiments and will try anything to find solutions; enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks; quickly grasps the essence and the underlying structure of anything.	Perseverance: Pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish; seldom gives up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.	Dealing with Ambiguity: Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn’t upset when things are up in the air; doesn’t have to finish things before moving on; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty.		Tapestry, Inc. is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and we pride ourselves on hiring and developing the best people. All employment decisions (including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, discipline and termination) are based on the applicant’s or employee’s qualifications as they relate to the requirements of the position under consideration. These decisions are made without regard to age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic characteristics, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage, citizenship, disability, marital status, military status, pregnancy, or any other legally-recognized protected basis prohibited by applicable law. #LI-JW1 Visit Tapestry, Inc. at http://www.tapestry.com/
About Dorilton Capital:	Patience		We represent the investment office of a European family and have no fixed investment period. We prefer to create value over the long term by reinventing cash flow while avoiding excessive leverage.		Partnership		We work actively with existing management teams recognizing that long-term business success is the result of a team effort. Dorilton views its role as providing additional capital for acquisitions and growth projects and support and expertise to take its companies to the next level.		Continuity		We partner with companies that are led by strong management teams and have a successful history and culture. We firmly believe in our companies continuing with the elements that made them successful.		About the Data Scientist:	The Dorilton Capital technology team is expanding and we are seeking to hire a Data Scientist to join the organization. The data scientist will be responsible for envisioning, implementing, and maintaining a data science strategy that will drive Dorilton's business forward. The output of this effort will be automated reporting products and data visualizations that provide efficient access to data insights, both to Dorilton Capital and across the portfolio.		The right person for this role has strong analytical and problem solving skills, coupled with experience working with a variety of data. We are looking for someone who is inherently curious about data and especially how business processes impact systems and data. The ideal candidate has excellent communication skills and can work with a broad variety of stakeholders, including both business and technical teams. They should be able to effectively investigate issues with the data and distil their findings to share with others.		Responsibilities:		Design and develop a strategy that will implement data science methodologies - including predictive modeling and machine learning, data analytics and visualization, and usability and design – to Dorilton Capital and across the portfolio	Develop machine learning models and deep-dive analyses to solve problems and make actionable recommendations. Leverage big data to empower business decisions and deliver data-driven insights, metrics, and tools in order to resolve business problems and drive change	Develop strategies that foster a better understanding of Dorilton Capital's data. This could include data discovery, profiling, assessing data quality, tracing lineage, investigating any questions and issues relating to the data, etc.	Conduct requirements gathering with stakeholders in order to fully understand their data-related needs. Anticipate business needs and leverage your own expertise to also identify potentially hidden requirements	Partner with business stakeholders to develop advanced and customized visualization elements – such as dashboards and visual reports – that deliver data insights in easily consumable ways	Build and test data models for quality control, probabilistic forecasting, and general standardized analytics	Research and investigate data-related issues. Develop a deep understanding of the relationship between business process and the underlying data	Document and share learnings about data with all stakeholders. Participate in and support data governance activities	Help end-users find, access, and effectively leverage data needed for analysis and reporting		Requirements:		Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Data Science, or a related field	At least 5 years of experience working as a Data Scientist. Experience at rapidly-growing companies and client-facing experience is a huge plus	Excellent analytical, quantitative, and problem-solving skills, with proven ability to deliver actionable insights that drive decisions and return on investment	Strong skills in database modeling, database querying, and business intelligence platforms	Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences is a must	Knowledge of cloud based computing - such as Looker, Snowflake, Informatica, or Salesforce - is a plus		
About Capgemini	A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion (about $15.6 billion USD at 2018 average rate).		Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.	Job Description:	Job Title: Data Scientist	Location: US NY New York	Job Type: Full Time		Qualification:		Education Bachelors or Masters in Math CS Engineering on Related Quant Immersion programs such as Galvanize and Metis preferred.		Experience:		3 Years of Modeling Experience Classification Regression Forecasting Frequent Itemsets and Survival Models NLP Image.	Engineering with Photo Video.	Technical Python required.	SQL or ability to code in freehand SQL is helpful JAVA preferred.	API and Container experience preferred.	Communications Client Management presentations Creating presentations.	What we offer:	Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums.	We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients.	With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve.	Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships.	Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply.		Disclaimer:		Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.	This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.	Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law	Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini
As an Associate Data Scientist, you will play a part in shaping Macmillan’s future, helping it become a more data-driven company. In this role, you will help answer tactical and strategic questions from stakeholders across the company. To do that, you will know/learn how to frame business questions; write statistical code to collect data; extract signals from noise; and communicate quantitative information to a non-technical audience.	Major Responsibilities:	Builds and maintains in a reproducible manner sales and other relevant databases	Conducts statistical analyses by writing code that draws on millions of rows of data	Presents data in an accessible, often visual way	Communicates findings to senior management and through regular reporting	Collaborates with publishers, marketing, sales and Data Warehouse departments	Identifies new and useful data for use in analyses	Helps determine our data strategy by evaluating the impact of various projects	Required Skills/Knowledge:	Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (e.g., economics, statistics)	1-3 years of experience	Strong analytical skills	Knowledge of relevant software packages:	Statistical programming (e.g., Stata, R)	Database (e.g., Python, SQL, Cognos)	Good written, verbal and interpersonal skills	Self-starter		Macmillan Publishers is a global trade book publishing company with prominent imprints around the world, publishing a broad range of award-winning books for children and adults in all categories and formats. Macmillan Publishers is committed to our authors, our employees, and to the environment.	U.S. publishers include Celadon Books, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Flatiron Books, Henry Holt & Company, Macmillan Audio, Macmillan Children’s Publishing Group, Picador, St. Martin's Press and Tor Books. In the UK, Australia, India, and South Africa, Macmillan publishes under the Pan Macmillan name. The German company, Holtzbrinck Deutsche Buchverlage, includes among its imprints S. Fischer, Kiepenheuer and Witsch, Rowohlt, and Droemer Knaur.	Macmillan Publishers is a division of the Holtzbrinck Publishing Group, a large family-owned media company headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany.	We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are actively seeking job applicants who reflect a broad representation of differences, including race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, neurodiversity, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective. We believe that the best companies reflect the incredible diversity in viewpoints, backgrounds, and identities of the world in their staffs, and are committed to inclusive hiring across departments and levels. The successful candidate for this position will be an employee of Holtzbrinck Publishers, LLC.	Experience	Preferred	1 - 3 years: 1-3 years of data-driven experience	Education	Preferred	Bachelors or better in Economics or related field	Skills	Preferred	Data Entry
Kaplan Test Prep is hiring a Data Scientist! We are looking for individuals who love and excel at analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems! An ideal candidate should be quick to learn and adapt, care about analytical rigor and data quality, love writing code, and thrive in a collaborative environment.	Responsibilities	Develop strong relationships and work closely with product stakeholders.	Consult on multiple projects at once, managing time and expectations with project owners.	Recommend strategy to product teams based on analysis of data, both internal and external.	Foster an environment of learning and collaboration within an analytics community of practice, sharing knowledge from previous projects, conferences, courses, etc. and applying knowledge from the experiences of others.	Prepare and give presentations of complex statistical concepts and research results to non-statistical audience and senior stakeholders.	Knowledge, Skills and Abilities	Ability to translate business problems into questions and clear requirements for analysis	Ability to collaborate with others in diplomatic, tactful manner, while exercising sensitivity and discretion as needed	Understanding of statistics and probability	Ability to wrangle and analyze data programmatically (i.e. outside of Excel)	Data visualization	Experimental design methodology	Code collaboration, including version control	Requirements	Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or other computational/logical field, or equivalent work experience.	Experience presenting analysis results and methodology to executive stakeholders	3+ years of experience working with Python or R to manipulate and analyze data	Advanced SQL knowledge, ideally experience with multiple types of SQL databases	Experience working with large volumes of data	Preferred	Experience with Google Analytics, Mixpanel, or other web/application tracking tools	Experience building, deploying and measuring predictive analytics models	Experience with NoSQL data stores and JSON/XML formatted data
Join the A.I. company tackling some of the most consequential problems facing the world today. Gro Intelligence is a fast-growing, mission-driven data and analytics company dedicated to understanding the interconnected global markets for all agricultural products. From the food we eat to the clothing we wear and the gasoline in millions of cars across the globe, agriculture touches our daily existence like few other industries. And it’s being completely upended by climate change, trade wars, finite global resources, fickle public policies, a growing population and ever-changing human tastes (e.g. organic produce, plant-based proteins, etc). Come help us understand the complex interplay of these various forces and their ripple effect on global markets.		With offices in both New York and Nairobi, and the financial backing of prominent investors including TPG Growth and Data Collective, Gro is a diverse team of more than 70 technologists, scientists, and business professionals. Our team is growing rapidly and we’re looking for highly motivated, intellectually curious individuals with a shared commitment to building software that impacts the world on the most basic level.		Gro has been featured prominently alongside the company’s founder and CEO in several recent outlets including Recode Decode with Kara Swisher, Fast Company’s Most Creative People, Fortune’s Most Powerful Women in Business, and Vanity Fair’s Inside the Hive with Nick Bilton.		What You’ll Do:		Develop original computational models to predict agricultural and environmental performance and conditions using geospatial, weather, crop, trade, and pricing data.	Develop systems and techniques for very large scale computations	Work with scientists, analysts and engineers to integrate local and sector specific factors and work closely with specialists in the field to further internal product development and external collaborations	Do original research on machine learning models and algorithms, working with closely with research scientists	Understand and contribute to the advancement of the state of the art in academic and industry research		What You Have:		3+ years related experience	Graduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics or a related field	Experience with “big data” computation (parallel processing, distributed storage)	Strong computer science fundamental (data structures and algorithms)	Strong understanding of statistics, mathematics	Experience with natural language processing	Ability to work in Python, Java, C++	Familiarity with statistical modeling tools (R, MatLab)	Ability to work collaboratively with team members across functional roles and strong communication and leadership skills.	Passion for solving high impact problems with data driven tools.		Who You Are:		Smart with excellent problem solving skills	Curious, love for turning ideas into reality	Productive, self motivated	Creative, collaborative, diligent	Strong attention to detail with the ability to understand the big picture	Learner, interested in new skills and adapting to new technologies	Ability to work with geographically distributed and culturally diverse team		Gro Intelligence is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, actual or presumed belonging to an ethnic group, or any other legally protected status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
J.P. Morgan’s Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader in banking, markets and investor services. The world’s most important businesses, governments, and institutions entrust us to provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk, and provide liquidity in more than 100 countries around the world.		J.P. Morgan Global Economic Research seeks a data scientist to join our front office team working from our New York City headquarters. We conduct research aimed at understanding macroeconomic developments as they happen and improving our forecasts of growth, inflation, labor markets, and central bank policy. Our forecasts and research reach a wide audience of decision makers inside JP Morgan and at our clients around the world.		The person in this role will focus on developing and implementing a set of systematic, quantitative tools for forecasting and monitoring risks using macroeconomic data and central bank communications from countries around the world.		Responsibilities:	Contribute to development of econometric, machine learning, and natural language processing methods for macroeconomics		Write code to implement and backtest macroeconomic forecasting tools		Build production-quality systems to produce, visualize, publish, and distribute forecasts		Interface with global team of economists to understand nuances of macroeconomic data across countries		Interact with other teams within JP Morgan to identify, access, and utilize internal resources		Contribute to writing publications describing research and results		Coordinate project workflow and delegate some tasks to junior members of the team		Assist senior members of the team with various other aspects of forecasting, research, and publications		Qualifications:	Bachelors or advanced degree in computer science, economics, and/or another quantitative discipline		Keen interest in data science applications to social science questions, especially in macroeconomics		Substantial training and experience in computer programming		Substantial training and experience in statistics, econometrics, and/or machine learning		Substantial experience with statistical packages like Python, R, Matlab, or SAS		Verbal and written communication skills to convey complex ideas to non-experts		Proven ability to work independently on information-gathering, coding, data analysis, and writing		Experience writing production-quality Python code is a plus		Experience with natural language processing is also a plus
Position #924	Responsibilities	To develop data analytics models	Requirements	2 years of experience as a Data Scientists	Experience with Health related data	Knowledge of a scripting language such as Python	Working knowledge of at least one programming predictive models language (R / Python…)	Experience in machine learning	Strong statistical background	Knowledge with Databases and Big Data infrastructures (Abstracted & unstructured)
Strength Through Diversity		Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal.			Roles & Responsibilities:		Requirements:	[BASED ON JOB DESCRIPTION, THE NECESSARY JOB REQUIREMENTS/PREFERENCES—DEGREES, LICENSES, CERTIFICATIONS, ETC.]		Strength Through Diversity		The Mount Sinai Health System believes that diversity and inclusion is a driver for excellence. We share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet we’re as diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinai’s unrivaled record of achievement, education and advancement as we revolutionize healthcare delivery together.		We work hard to recruit and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work environment where you have the opportunity and support to develop professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title or expertise, have an impact on quality patient care.		Explore more about this opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story!		Who We Are		Over 38,000 employees strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve.		Formed in September 2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospitals, including Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai Queens, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai St. Luke’s, and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai.		The Mount Sinai Health System is an equal opportunity employer. We promote recognition and respect for individual and cultural differences, and we work to make our employees feel valued and appreciated, whatever their race, gender, background, or sexual orientation.		EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans
Mine rich user data sets and find insights that will drive the decisions that power our platform.		-----------	The Mission	-----------		viagogo is on a mission to revolutionize the way people get tickets to live events, making it possible for anyone, anywhere in the world to see their favorite artists, teams or shows live. We've helped millions of people from almost every country attend live events, and we're just getting started. We believe creative individuals with innovative ideas are the engine for our rapid growth, so we're looking for the world's smartest data scientists to join our team, where you'll be given the freedom to make meaningful and measurable improvements impacting millions of people.		---------	Your Role	---------		Data scientists sit at the core of our business, constantly working to identify new product features and improvements that enhance the experience for our users and drive proﬁtable revenue streams for the company. You'll be part of a team using data to automate manual processes & human decisions, the work carried out by our Data Scientists is exciting and challenging, but crucial to scaling viagogo across all geographies, languages and currencies. You'll mine rich data sets and ﬁnd insights that will drive the decisions that power our platform. You'll be given autonomy to make product decisions as soon as you're capable, with senior members of the product team on hand to guide and support you. Every piece of work you complete will tie directly to a business goal so you can measure the impact you have on viagogo and quickly you'll come to understand of the technical underpinnings of how ideas turn into reality at an ecommerce tech company operating at a global scale.		Types of projects include:		Designing, running and analyzing feature experiments (A/B tests) on millions of users of our website and apps	Optimizing the coverage and efﬁciency of ad campaigns through search engines (PPC) and social media platforms	Identifying opportunities to acquire new inventory and optimize the quality/pricing of inventory in all geographies		-----------	Your Skills	-----------		You get things done. Given a problem, you won't rest until you've found the answer.			You have a degree in a quantitative ﬁeld like science, math, economics, engineering or similar or industry experience working as a data analyst	You have excellent critical-thinking and problem-solving skills	You are thorough, detail-oriented and organized, with the ability to manage multiple parallel projects	You have entrepreneurial drive to initiate and drive projects and achieve stretch goals with minimal guidance		You want to learn. Becoming an effective data analyst requires learning the tools of the trade. We'll teach you how to use tools like Excel, SQL and R to not only analyze data to ﬁnd the insights you're looking for, but to visualize and present it most effectively for stakeholders to make decisions.		You want to make an impact. You don't just want to produce pretty tables and graphs; you want to understand what the results mean and how to utilize your ﬁndings to make the best product/business decision possible.		You are a team player. You work not just to advance your own skills or ideas, but also to help the team and the business succeed. This means being open to feedback from others and giving it in return. It also means recognizing that the best ideas might not always be your own.
C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai			As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.			Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.			Your Responsibilities:	Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.	Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.	Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.	Requirements:	MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.	Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).	Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).	Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).	Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.	Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.	Excellent verbal and written communication.	Preferred	Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.	Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.	A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.	C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:	Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.	C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.
What you’ll be doing...	This role requires experience building, analyzing and maintaining supervised learning models, as well as familiarity with malware detection and binary analysis.	You are expected to analyze model results and to develop and to develop and implement automated tools for data mining.	In this role, you’ll be responsible for:	Experience in applying a wide variety of unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised machine learning techniques, and the ability to turn big data into actionable intelligence.	Ability to analyze, retain and improve machine learning models.	Ability to provide and receive scientific critiques and work towards data driven solutions.	Familiarity with malware, host forensics, or network traffic analysis.	Experience with reverse engineering malware.	Experience using relational and non-relational databases.	Extracting and transforming data using python.	Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data assess risk of adverse threat activities.	Developing scripts to support cyber threat detection that outputs results in a variety of formats.	What we’re looking for...	You’ll need to have:	Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience	Four or more years of relevant work experience	Six or more years of experience as a Data Scientist within Threat Intelligence	Expertise in Automation tools such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Puppet, etc	Experience with Hadoop and Spark	Proficiency in Python	Willingness to travel	Even better if you have:	A Master of Computer Science or related fields	Ability to work in a team environment	Understanding of adversarial TTPs	Knowledge of some of the following skills:	Python	Data Science	Data Mining	Threat Intelligence	Machine learning	Cyber Threat Detection	#ProfessionalServices; 22CyberVES; 22CyberOPS	When you join Verizon...	You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.	Equal Employment Opportunity	We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
About Biz2Credit (read more at www.biz2credit.com ): Founded in 2007, Biz2Credit is rated as the #1 small business financing resource in the U.S. by Entrepreneur Magazine. To-date, we've facilitated more than $2 billion in small business lending.Biz2Credit, an all-in-one financing solution for entrepreneurs to get a small business loan with a fast approval process. Explore the best small business financing options with us!Biz2Credit with the use of AI offers an innovative way for lenders and small business borrowers to connect through our online credit marketplace. Our robust network includes more than 1,200 lenders and tens of thousands of small businesses who connect to the network through partnerships with Paychex, Start-up America, CPA's, business brokers and other referral partners.Businesses can register in under four (4) minutes and see instant, online matches with qualified lenders. There's 24/7 access to SMB articles and resources, and an option to work directly with a Biz2Credit Loan Specialist who works with the business every step of the way to ensure high-quality loan packages. Our loan packages close 3x the national average.Our Global Presence:Biz2Credit is headquartered in New York City, (USA). With a well-established international presence outside the United States, we maintain a network of offices serving our clients in Asia Pacific Regions, Australia etc.Careers with Biz2Credit;Explore our career opportunities and learn more about why Biz2Credit is a great place to work. Join a global leader in digital fintech services that will engage your mind, inspire your creativity and develop your career. Biz2Credit values the individual and strives to deliver an appropriate work-life balance because a motivated and happy person can add untold value to our clients and colleagues around the world. We attract individuals from different backgrounds and cultures who — like you — bring a unique point of view and unique business skills. You’ll work with great people and will be exposed to a range of alternative perspectives.Everyone’s opinion is valued. After all, diversity of thought and ideas enables us to provide better services to our clients. In return for your input and ideas, we’re committed to giving you the experiences you need to progress and develop as well as the learning and coaching to help you to excel.Biz2credit is an equal opportunity employer.Qualifications and Skills4-year degree; advanced degree or post-doctoral preferred.At least 3 year experience in managing a team of Data Scientists.Overall 10+ years of experience with data science, credit risk management experience is a definite plus5-7 years of experience with Python programming language.5-7 years of machine learning experience and or natural processing language.Extensive, hands-on experience with relevant methodologies in classical statistics, big data, supervised and unsupervised learning models with emphasis on communicating the analysis to business audiences through visual and other methods.Prior experience to creating and allocating relevant individual workstreams to data science team members and be able to synthesize team efforts and prepare succinct presentations to the CRO and to Credit Risk Committee.Ability to interact effectively and independently with other functional units within Biz2Credit such as underwriting, marketing, sales, investor relations and Biz2Credit developers/IT to address their analytical needs in a time-sensitive environment.The ability to function in a semi-independent manner to identify core requirements associated with complex, yet-to-be-fully-defined data project assignments.Strong conceptual thinking skills, highly motivated, outcome-focused, dynamic, and capable of guiding and inspiring their team to perform at a high level.Responsibilities and DutiesAs a key member of a world-class data science team within a fast-evolving financial landscape, the individual will have the exciting opportunity to direct a team of data scientists on a variety of complex data projects within Biz2Credit’s marketplace and also externally with bank and other financial services partners.Manage the data science projects in Agile mode, provide coaching and mentorship to team members as neededEstablish Data Science role model and best practices in the organizationCommunicating data driven insights to business audiences through simple visualizationMake data driven recommendations to improve operational efficiencies in underwriting, marketing, and salesJob Type: Full-timeAdditional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Aggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule::Monday to Friday
Are you ready for a career that places you at the forefront of technology? Do you have what it takes to completely exceed clients’ expectations? Have you decided that you want to be the very best at what you do?If you’re looking for a fast-paced environment where you can showcase your skills in consulting and technology and grow your competencies, we are the place for you. We offer a comprehensive benefits package and flexible work environment where you can make a difference in the wide variety of clients that we serve.***Insurance eligibility begins on the first day of the first month after hire date***Company Background: Business & Decision is a global management, strategy consulting and systems integration group solving business problems through Digital Transformation. As a leader in Digital Customer Experience and Data & Analytics, we leverage a unique combination of technical, functional and industry specialization as well as partnerships with key software vendors to deliver maximum-value projects and help clients break through barrier to innovation and business transformation.Position Overview: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Develop testing framework and test model quality.Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracyMandatory: · 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models and is familiar with the following software/tools:Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java,JavaScript, etc.Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etcDesired: Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience working with and creating data architectures.Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Education and/or CertificationsBachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative fieldJob Type: Full-timeExperience:manipulating data sets and building statistical models: 5 years (Preferred)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time off
Fakespot is looking for a data scientist to join our team on-site in our NYC office.Fakespot is a review authentication service used by millions of users to verify reviews on popular platforms by using artificial intelligence and data analytics. Our primary mission is to increase trust and transparency on the Internet.Who you areYou have a passion for solving complex analytical problems with statistical strength and a strong background in machine learning. You thrive in a collaborative environment, welcome feedback and exhibit strong attention to detail. You are happiest in a fast-paced environment with little red tape and the ability to make an immediate impact. We will have disruptive challenges that have not been solved in the frontier of data authentication.Qualities we'd like to see in youSolid chops with statistical analysisPerform data exploration to recognize future potential modelsNLP experience with at least one of these frameworks: CoreNLP, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlowRequirements:You have deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modelingYou have a degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative fieldYou are comfortable working with large data sets and analyzing complex data with SQL and other tools such as Python or RYou have a strong bias to action, delivering results quickly with iteration instead of waiting for perfectionYou are able to multitask and work on multiple ongoing projects, with minimal oversight, documentation, and defined processYou are acquainted with numerous libraries used for machine learning such as TensorFlow, Keras and PyTorchYou have good communication skillsJob Types: Full-time, InternshipExperience:Data Science: 1 year (Required)Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Processing: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Understanding: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:New York, NY 10001 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule::Monday to Friday
Overview:	Do you love numbers and finding the story in the numbers? Does the thought of tackling a complex data issue make you smile? Have you got a knack for solving problems? Do you want to help drive the results of a multi-million dollar business? If you have answered "yes" to these questions, the Data Scientist position at Strategic Financial Solutions may be the right fit for you.		Strategic is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with statistical and machine learning experience to join our Data Science Team, which produces models for prescriptive and predictive analytics. The person in this role would be responsible for conducting data analysis and developing predictive models by leveraging data science and machine learning to solve various business use cases, including marketing intelligence, customer segmentation, and predictive models for operations.		This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to learn all aspects of business as he/she will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company and external data.		Candidates must have strong experience in a variety of data manipulation tools, data analysis/ mining methods to build and implement models and should be able to develop algorithms and simulation methods. A successful candidate will have the proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights.	Responsibilities:	Research and develop statistical and machine learning methodologies to solve complicated business problems	Work with stakeholders to identify opportunities by leveraging large data sets to drive business decisions. Collaborate with sales, marketing and senior executive teams for model development	Strong communication skills and ability to clearly present ideas and technical findings to key decision makers	Qualifications:	Knowledge of statistical and machine learning techniques in regressions and classifications such as generalized linear models, classification trees, Random Forest, XGBoost, SVMs etc. Industry experience in such areas a definite plus.	Knowledge of stochastic process in terms of transaction matrix and equilibrium distribution, etc.	Experience in R, Python, and SQL, etc. and in variable selection and dimension reduction skills such as LASSO and PCA	Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on financial risk management in sales and marketing predictive analytics	Unsupervised learning experience such as k-means, hierarchical clustering, Bayesian network etc.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams	Graduate degree in Statistics, Data Science, Applied Math, Operations Research, Computer Science or other areas in STEM. Exceptional candidates with undergraduate degree will be also be seriously considered.	About Strategic:	Strategic Financial Solutions is a leading consumer finance company that specializes in helping people that have too much credit card debt. We were recently named the 21st Best Company to Work for in New York by Best Companies to Work For and have been certified as a Great Place to Work 4 times. Additional honors include being named, two times, as one of the 50 fastest growing companies in New York City and to the prestigious Inc. 500 list as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in the United States.
J.P. Morgan’s Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader in banking, markets and investor services. The world’s most important businesses, governments, and institutions entrust us to provide strategic advice, raise capital, manage risk, and provide liquidity in more than 100 countries around the world.		J.P. Morgan Global Economic Research seeks a data scientist to join our front office team working from our New York City headquarters. We conduct research aimed at understanding macroeconomic developments as they happen and improving our forecasts of growth, inflation, labor markets, and central bank policy. Our forecasts and research reach a wide audience of decision makers inside JP Morgan and at our clients around the world.		The person in this role will focus on developing and implementing a set of systematic, quantitative tools for forecasting and monitoring risks using macroeconomic data and central bank communications from countries around the world.		Responsibilities:	Contribute to development of econometric, machine learning, and natural language processing methods for macroeconomics		Write code to implement and backtest macroeconomic forecasting tools		Build production-quality systems to produce, visualize, publish, and distribute forecasts		Interface with global team of economists to understand nuances of macroeconomic data across countries		Interact with other teams within JP Morgan to identify, access, and utilize internal resources		Contribute to writing publications describing research and results		Coordinate project workflow and delegate some tasks to junior members of the team		Assist senior members of the team with various other aspects of forecasting, research, and publications		Qualifications:	Bachelors or advanced degree in computer science, economics, and/or another quantitative discipline		Keen interest in data science applications to social science questions, especially in macroeconomics		Substantial training and experience in computer programming		Substantial training and experience in statistics, econometrics, and/or machine learning		Substantial experience with statistical packages like Python, R, Matlab, or SAS		Verbal and written communication skills to convey complex ideas to non-experts		Proven ability to work independently on information-gathering, coding, data analysis, and writing		Experience writing production-quality Python code is a plus		Experience with natural language processing is also a plus
Position #924	Responsibilities	To develop data analytics models	Requirements	2 years of experience as a Data Scientists	Experience with Health related data	Knowledge of a scripting language such as Python	Working knowledge of at least one programming predictive models language (R / Python…)	Experience in machine learning	Strong statistical background	Knowledge with Databases and Big Data infrastructures (Abstracted & unstructured)
Mine rich user data sets and find insights that will drive the decisions that power our platform.		-----------	The Mission	-----------		viagogo is on a mission to revolutionize the way people get tickets to live events, making it possible for anyone, anywhere in the world to see their favorite artists, teams or shows live. We've helped millions of people from almost every country attend live events, and we're just getting started. We believe creative individuals with innovative ideas are the engine for our rapid growth, so we're looking for the world's smartest data scientists to join our team, where you'll be given the freedom to make meaningful and measurable improvements impacting millions of people.		---------	Your Role	---------		Data scientists sit at the core of our business, constantly working to identify new product features and improvements that enhance the experience for our users and drive proﬁtable revenue streams for the company. You'll be part of a team using data to automate manual processes & human decisions, the work carried out by our Data Scientists is exciting and challenging, but crucial to scaling viagogo across all geographies, languages and currencies. You'll mine rich data sets and ﬁnd insights that will drive the decisions that power our platform. You'll be given autonomy to make product decisions as soon as you're capable, with senior members of the product team on hand to guide and support you. Every piece of work you complete will tie directly to a business goal so you can measure the impact you have on viagogo and quickly you'll come to understand of the technical underpinnings of how ideas turn into reality at an ecommerce tech company operating at a global scale.		Types of projects include:		Designing, running and analyzing feature experiments (A/B tests) on millions of users of our website and apps	Optimizing the coverage and efﬁciency of ad campaigns through search engines (PPC) and social media platforms	Identifying opportunities to acquire new inventory and optimize the quality/pricing of inventory in all geographies		-----------	Your Skills	-----------		You get things done. Given a problem, you won't rest until you've found the answer.			You have a degree in a quantitative ﬁeld like science, math, economics, engineering or similar or industry experience working as a data analyst	You have excellent critical-thinking and problem-solving skills	You are thorough, detail-oriented and organized, with the ability to manage multiple parallel projects	You have entrepreneurial drive to initiate and drive projects and achieve stretch goals with minimal guidance		You want to learn. Becoming an effective data analyst requires learning the tools of the trade. We'll teach you how to use tools like Excel, SQL and R to not only analyze data to ﬁnd the insights you're looking for, but to visualize and present it most effectively for stakeholders to make decisions.		You want to make an impact. You don't just want to produce pretty tables and graphs; you want to understand what the results mean and how to utilize your ﬁndings to make the best product/business decision possible.		You are a team player. You work not just to advance your own skills or ideas, but also to help the team and the business succeed. This means being open to feedback from others and giving it in return. It also means recognizing that the best ideas might not always be your own.
What you will do		Responsible for assisting with the development of our state-of-the-art, advanced analytical machine-learning-based software framework that can ingest, structure and model large amounts of data in different formats and from different sources. Capable of helping with the design of systems that can grow and maintain competitive advantage. Able to learn, assist and when needed take initiative on various modeling assignments.		Qualifications:	Experience with Python	Knowledge of some of the following: numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn	Knowledge of basic statistics and data analysis	Experience with open source software for data ingestion and data processing	Ability to both follow and take lead, depending on the situation	Academic or industry examples of machine learning models previously built	Hands on work with unclean, semi-structured or unstructured data sets preferred	Experience working in teams of analysts, data engineers, statisticians, and data scientists is highly preferred	Experience in analytics (a.k.a. decision sciences) in the financial industry; in particular, for credit and marketing of unsecured lending products (development of credit risk models, valuation models, credit policy) preferred	Superb analytical, math, coding, and data background	Innovative mindset—thinks beyond the status quo	Profiling, cross-platform adaptively, are preferred
What is Slice?		Slice is the leading technology and marketing platform made exclusively for local pizzerias, making it super easy to order delicious, authentic local pizza anywhere, anytime. We serve the $45 billion U.S. pizzeria market in two ways: by providing a pizza-centric mobile and web ordering experience for consumers, and by empowering local restaurants with the technology, tools, and marketing to grow their business, while helping them compete with Big Pizza. Can you imagine what a small mom and pop pizza shop could achieve with the resources of Domino's?		Slice is looking for data scientists with different seniority to join our Business Analytics team and help power the growth and success of the Sales organization. You will have a deep understanding and empathy for how sales teams operate and are a great partner to work closely with Sales leadership on a daily basis. You are scrappy and excited about working in an evolving business and data infrastructure, you feel passionate about building a data-driven culture of the company and having a huge impact on a growing team.		What you'll do:		Work with sales teams to define metrics and develop insights for improving sales performance and effectiveness	Deepen our understanding of shops and customers to optimize market strategy and uncover new opportunities	Partner with upstream data providers and downstream collaborators to ensure our Sales teams have access to accurate and actionable insights to support their workflows	Instill a culture of operational and data excellence by partnering with Data Engineering to design and develop reliable and scalable data pipelines	Use data to inform and influence the direction of team roadmaps and inform business decisions		What we're looking for:		BS/MS in statistics, mathematics or related quantitative fields	3+ years of professional industry experience doing quantitative analysis, preferably supporting Sales functions	Proficiency in SQL and experience in data ETL in large database systems	Experience in running advanced analyses in languages such as Python, R, etc.	A proven track record of using analysis to impact key business decisions	The ability to clearly and effectively communicate the results of complex analyses	Ability to manage small projects and to operate as the point of contact for the business partner.	Experience in software engineering, data engineering, consulting, or academic research a plus		History of Slice:	Slice was born in 2010 and has quietly bootstrapped its way to building a network of more than 11,000 pizzerias nationwide. Ilir Sela ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/amyfeldman/2018/04/10/pizza-unchained-tech-startup-slice-helps-local-pizzerias-get-online-and-fight-back-against-dominos/#56b483651263 ), our founder and CEO, started the company as a passion project to help his friends and family in the pizza business, but he quickly saw a massive opportunity to champion these small businesses by bringing their craft to the masses. Ilir has since built an amazing team of operators, marketers, technologists, and investors — all dedicated to making it easier for people to enjoy their favorite local pizza while helping local shops succeed.		Our Pizza Philosophy		Slice is on a journey to be the most valuable pizza brand on the planet. We connect makers and eaters to enrich their lives through the power of specialization and pizza expertise. Backed by generations of knowledge and cutting-edge technology, we give makers the platform and voice to take charge of their industry, expand their coverage, and fill the world with authentic cuisine. When passionate makers turn their craft into their livelihood, we all live happier, fuller lives. People stop accepting the homogenous, mass-produced pies of big chains and robotic trucks because the quality, variety, and authenticity of Slice is both hyper-convenient and known worldwide. We believe pizza isn't just food. It's a slice of community, a slice of culture, a slice of life.		We're growing our family every day — so, if you've got a passion for local, authentic pizza and the drive to help share it with the world, we'd love to have you on the team! Check out a few awards we've recently won for our workplace and culture: Inc. ( https://www.inc.com/profile/Slice ), Crain's ( https://www.crainsnewyork.com/html-page/672566 ), BuiltinNYC ( https://www.builtinnyc.com/companies/best-places-to-work-nyc-2019 )		Slice is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the Data & Metrics organization. Data and information has become an invaluable asset for technology companies that focus on innovation and are dedicated to providing a phenomenal user experience. Spotify is taking this concept to heart and driving a “Data as a Product” initiative for its own data consumers within the company. The volume and breadth of data at Spotify is staggering – billions of records of streamed music, app interactions, artist information and user behavior trends flow through our platform daily. Our team and product area are at the center of this initiative. We design and implement new ways and strategies to empower the Spotify community of data scientists, engineers, researchers, product designers, business analysts and leadership.	What you will do	Join a team of Data Engineers to study user behavior and financial data, support new product and feature decisions, understand our strategic initiatives and bring data and insights into high impact business collaborations. Above all, you will play a pivotal role in evolving our metrics, insights and dataset products.	Work hand-in-hand with the Spotify global data science and engineering community to understand various user or content trends that influence product changes and customer acquisition strategies	Bring financial performance visibility to key stakeholders in the company to measure the success of our business such as LTV, forecasting etc.	Understand what fuels many of Spotify’s product features such as Discover Weekly, Daily Mix, Podcast offerings, holiday campaigns and others	Get hands on experience using new and exciting technologies, such as Bigquery, Scio (Dataflow), Kubeflow, and more to tackle business problems at scale.	Work closely with cross-functional teams of data and backend engineers, analysts, user researchers, product managers and designers that offers the flexibility to be creative and seek interesting ideas	Develop and communicate insights and recommendations stakeholders, engineering and product partners	Build and analyze dashboards, reports to empower operational and exploratory data analysis	Research how advanced data science techniques and machine learning can enable and empower our mission.	This role will be based out of New York and will occasionally require traveling.	… and of course, having fun! Being passionate about what you do also means celebrating achievements within the team and the Product Area!	Who you are	An BS/MS in Mathematics, Computer Science or any other relevant fields of study	At least 3 years of work experience in the Data Science or Research fields	Have experience working in Finance in your previous roles	Having an ambition to grow and work within the area of Data Engineering as the team’s first Data Scientist.	Experience with and/or willingness to learn Scala/Java and distributed data processing technologies such as Spark, Beam, Scio, etc	Strong collaborator and teacher, eager to share knowledge and experience with colleagues to increase overall team fluency	Strong storytelling and data presentation skills (such as Tableau, Qlik, D3, ggplot, matplotlib)	Experience performing analysis with large datasets in a cloud based-environment, preferably with an understanding of Google’s Cloud Platform	Experience training and tuning statistical and machine learning models	You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems and thrive when working on a team which has autonomy in their day to day decisions.	Ideally you are comfortable working at a large scale, global consumer product company, in a product analytics or insights role.	Strong skills in SQL, Python, and data science ecosystem packages such as Pandas, Sci-kit Learn, Tensorflow, or equivalent	You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.	Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 258 million users.
Who we are		We are a new and rapidly growing team of change agents inside J.P. Morgan. We are data scientists, design strategists and business leaders set on creating and building data products that transform the way we and our clients do business - balancing the art of decision making with science.			What we build will matter and have huge impact; our products and solutions will reach thousands of our clients around the world, and affect how J.P. Morgan does business, moving trillions of dollars a day. Our group will also work closely with FinTech teams to find emerging tech companies that can help us accelerate development of new products.			Why join?			New technologies, analytics and business models are emerging with the potential to radically transform financial services. You will be at the leading edge inside the company driving change.	You will:		Explore how money moves through our network and around the world. Turning data into insights to impact the strategy and direction of JPM products	Develop approaches for understanding each individual client and their behavior to deliver a continually improved experience	Invent creative and innovative ways to answer key business questions by leveraging existing data assets or creating new ones	Develop, plan and execute analytical projects as an individual contributor and in teams. Bring order to disparate requirements with high tolerance for ambiguity, very strong problem solving ability, and excellent client engagement skills	Collaborate with product managers, end users, developers, and other stakeholders to integrate data discoveries and processes into operational capabilities	Be a data storyteller, deliver practical data insights in a compelling manner to senior leadership. Articulate findings clearly and concisely including presentations, discussions and visualizations.	Develop deep subject matter expertise in the wide range domains in payments and liquidity to support a diverse set of products		Who you are		Quantitative background – Advanced degree in analytical field (e.g. econometrics, statistics, computer science). 6+ years relevant experience. Understanding of statistics, optimization and machine learning methodologies. Ideally experienced with large scale graph inference. Mastery of software design principles and development skills using Python	Hybrid at your core - Part statistician, part computer scientist, part researcher, looking for order and patterns in data. This is an incredible opportunity for hybrid thinkers that love to learn and synthesize in a high-performing culture.	Analytical thought leader - You can define the analytical agenda for projects, frame ambiguous business questions into analytical plans (e.g., assess data needs, source files, prepare data, create new features, evaluate quality, etc.), and execute.	Cognitive and Communications Skill - Highly articulate, built upon an underlying fundamental clarity of thought. General ability to root out fundamental issues, bring order from chaos, synthesize elegant insights, and drive to clear decisions.	Leadership - Primary focus of building something of significance. Willingness to roll up sleeves and do whatever it takes. Self-confidence, poise, and personal presence that inspires confidence in others. Charisma, gravitas, intellect, flexibility, and integrity that motivates others to trust, collaborate, and follow.
Who We Are:	Ocrolus is a fintech infrastructure company that transforms documents into actionable data with over 99% accuracy. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. The solution includes built-in fraud detection and analytics, enabling customers to make smarter and faster business decisions with unprecedented precision.		Use-cases include loan underwriting, account openings, invoice processing, and other document-intensive processes. Ocrolus has raised over $30 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others.		We're looking for a Data Scientist to join our team. Rather than just crunching data in a dark room were looking for someone passionate about delivering data products – willing to tackle whatever problem needs to be solved to provide insights to stakeholders across the company. You can easily support critical decision-making with either fast back-of-the-envelope analyses or more robust evaluations, depending on the context.	Responsibilities	Manage competing priorities across the company	Communicate with Different Stakeholders regarding analytics	Creatively explore data to find interesting stories to tell	Shepherd data models from sourcing the data to releasing models in production environments	Working collaboratively and mentoring Data Analysts	Requirements	At least four years experience as a Data Scientist, 6+ years a plus.	Fluent in Python and SQL	Deep understanding of statistics and probability, preferably an understanding of information theory	Strong communication and storytelling skills, data visualization a+	Experience working with Data Scientists and Data Analysts	Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills	Ability to create fast solutions to problems introduced in a changing environment with iteration towards optimal solutions	Machine Learning experience a plus			We’re a young and rapidly growing FinTech company - if you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance!
Overview	As a Data Scientist in the newly formed New York-based “Data Lab” of the Bertelsmann Education Group (BEG), you will be working on the forefront of the digital transformation in the EdTech space. The Data Lab is a fast-growing team of data scientists that works on a per-project basis with all BEG portfolio companies to tackle a wide range of problems, including: (I) Working with highly dimensional user-engagement data, mined from learning management systems to predict student outcomes and churn (II) Building learner profiles to predict the fit between a candidate and a given job (III) Building a recommender system to show learners the most relevant content for them	As part of the Data Lab, you will have the opportunity to work directly with high-level executives of companies such as Udacity, Relias, HotChalk, and Alliant University to design and build data-driven products to help improve their businesses. You will report directly to the Bertelsmann Education Group’s Director of Data Science.	We are looking for individuals with a strong quantitative or technical background who are interested in helping tackle difficult data problems to drive real business impact.		Role and Responsibilities	Execute on end-to-end data science projects (ideation, data collection/engineering, modeling/machine learning, interpretation/visualization, productization)	Develop data-driven products that help (1) automate processes, (2) increase productivity, (3) cut costs, and (4) create new revenue opportunities.	Work with large, complex data sets to solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, and apply advanced analytical methods as needed.	Keep up to date on new technologies and trends in data science, and EdTech (20% of the time is reserved for relevant personal projects and self-study).	Develop data science best practices on a BEG Data Lab group level, to enable knowledge transfer among all portfolio companies. Collaborate with other Bertelsmann divisions, to foster cross-divisional learning.		Qualifications and Education Requirements	BA/BS/MS or higher in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research, Analytics, Data Science, or another technical field	2 or more years experience with data analytics, econometrics, statistical modeling/machine learning, or other quantitative topics	Experience with programming languages such as Python (preferred) or R (especially for data analysis) with a good working knowledge of database languages (e.g., SQL)	Proficiency in common data science libraries (e.g., sklearn, pandas, dplyr, etc.)	Ability to analyze and present complex information concisely	Ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, priorities, or goals	Effective written and verbal communication skills with both technical and business audiences	Strong problem-solving skills and intellectual curiosity		Preferred Qualifications	Experience with NLP, Deep Learning, and/or Recommendation Systems a plus	Experience with distributed computing (e.g., Spark or Hadoop) a plus	Experience with cloud-based technologies (e.g., AWS, Azure, or GCP) a plus	Experience in education a plus		The Bertelsmann Education Group	As labor market requirements are rapidly changing, a person entering the workforce today will change jobs often no less than ten times before they are 40 years old. As digitalization increasingly affects how people access and process knowledge and information, appropriate and up-to-date skill-sets are essential to advancing careers.		The Bertelsmann Education Group is dedicated to creating innovative learning opportunities that meet 21st century workplace needs. With more than 180 years of entrepreneurial experience, our parent company, Bertelsmann, has a strong commitment to a purpose greater than profit alone. The Bertelsmann Education Group manages a diversified portfolio of learning innovators who share our vision, mindset and values. Together, we are shaping professional learning for the 21st century.		Bertelsmann is a media, services and education company that operates in about 50 countries around the world. Its key geographical markets are Western Europe – especially Germany, France, Britain and Spain – as well as the United States. Bertelsmann’s corporate divisions include RTL Group (television), Penguin Random House (books), Gruner + Jahr (magazines), Arvato (services), Bertelsmann Printing Group (print), Bertelsmann Education Group and Bertelsmann Investments.		Company: Bertelsmann, Inc.	Country: United States of America	State/Region: New York	City: New York	Postal Code: 10019	Job ID: 46158
Who We're Looking For:	National Debt Relief (NDR) is currently seeking an inquisitive, highly motivated, and creative Data Scientist who is passionate about helping customers get out of debt. The ideal candidate will have hands on experience transforming unique data into amazing products. At scale.		At NDR you will have access to an enormous amount of high-value business activity data including unstructured and semi-structured records around the sales process as well as post sales customer activity. You will participate in the end-to-end processes of machine learning, from proof of concept to deploying models in production. You will be asked to experiment, and conduct research work geared towards new product development.		Principal Duties and Responsibilities:		Work with large, complex datasets and solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, data processing, analysis, and deployment to production.	Research and develop models to improve the quality of NDR user facing products; example application areas include lead scoring and end-user behavioral modeling.	Make business recommendations with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of the business through visual displays of quantitative information.	Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and accuracy	Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of leaders and teams and work closely with Engineers and Product Managers to identify opportunities for improvement.	Be fiercely competitive and maintain a sense of urgency, creativity, and curiosity for how to continue to improve internal and customer facing processes.		Qualifications:		BA/BS in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Bioinformatics, Math, Physics, Engineering) or an equivalent practical skillset.	Industry experience writing code (e.g., Python, Pytorch, SQL) and taking ML models/ algorithms to production.	3+ years of expertise using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: clustering, decision tree learning, ensemble methods, regression, etc. on large data sets as well as a strong understanding of their real-world advantages/drawbacks. The successful candidate will have regularly used Python and SQL to extract data, design ETL flows and derive insights.	A love for data - this is what we do. We are looking for people who are excited about different and unique data sets, and all the ways that they could be used to improve our business.	Demonstrated skill in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams	Startup experience while not essential is preferred.		What We Offer:	We believe in a team-first culture, full of rewards and recognition for our employees. We are dedicated to our employees' success and growth within the company, through our employee mentorship and leadership programs.		Our extensive benefits package includes:		Generous Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits	401(k) with Company Match	Paid Holidays, Volunteer Time Off, Sick Days, and Vacation	10 weeks Paid Parental Leave	Pre-tax Transit Benefits	Discounted Gym Membership	Citi Bike Annual Membership Discounts	No-Cost Life Insurance Benefits	Voluntary Benefits Options	ASPCA Pet Health Insurance Discount		About National Debt Relief:	National Debt Relief is one of the country's largest and most reputable debt settlement companies. We are made up of energetic, smart, and compassionate individuals who are passionate about helping thousands of Americans with debt relief. Most importantly, we're all about helping our customers through a tough financial time in their lives with education and individual customer service.		We are dedicated to helping individuals and families rid their lives of burdensome debt. We specialize in debt settlement and have negotiated settlements for thousands of creditor and collections accounts. We provide our clients with both our expertise and our proven results. This means helping consumers in their time of hardship to get out of debt with the least possible cost. It can also mean conducting financial consultations, educating the consumer, and recommending the appropriate solution. Our core services offer debt settlement as an alternative to bankruptcy, credit counseling, and debt consolidation. We become our clients' number one advocate to help them reestablish financial stability as quickly as possible.		National Debt Relief is a certified Great Place to Work®!		National Debt Relief is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.		#ZR
About TriplebyteTriplebyte is transforming the way software engineers are hired. Our mission is to build an open, valuable and skills-based credential for all engineers. This is important because millions of people have skills (and deserve good jobs), but don’t fit the profile that recruiters seek. Another way of saying this is that talent is uniformly distributed, but opportunity is not. Our goal is to broaden the distribution of opportunity.To do this, we have built a background-blind technical assessment and interview process, and we use it to find engineers and help them get jobs at 450+ top companies. Our rich understanding of candidates’ skills and propriety machine learning models enable us to find the right match between our candidates and partner companies. This is why companies like Apple, Dropbox and American Express trust Triplebyte’s technical assessment to identify the best engineers for their open roles and reduce the time and effort it takes to hire them.We just raised a $35 million Series B and our team of 65 is growing quickly! Now is a great time to join as we're on an exciting growth trajectory. You will have lots of opportunities for taking on responsibility and developing new skills quickly.We're an experienced team, the founders have each built and sold companies before. Ammon and Guillaume founded Socialcam (acquired by Autodesk for $60 million) and Harj was the first partner hired at Y Combinator since its founding.Triplebyte screens and evaluates thousands of engineers per month to find the best candidates for our partner companies. Human decision making doesn't work at our scale; our marketplace is powered by automated assessment and decision making. Triplebyte has three cornerstone ML products: our quiz, our interview, and our matchmaking. As a machine learning engineer, you'll be responsible for the end-to-end process of designing and running experiments to serving production models at scale. Some of our pipelines use off the shelf components, but we're also implementing custom models and techniques from the latest research papers. We're also building forecasting tools for internal teams to measure and predict outcomes. This is an ideal role for an engineer or data scientist who wants the scope and responsibility to own features/products from the inception and research phase through to measuring real-world results.Fields your work will touch onPsychometricsRecommender systemsTime series analysisSurvival analysisBayesian inferenceProbabilistic programmingRequirementsRobust exploratory/experimental skills. We have a novel dataset of candidate profiles and interview outcomes from our candidate screening process and our hiring marketplace. You'll be responsible for designing and evaluating experiments to predict downstream outcomes.Ability to implement models from research. Some of our best improvements in both speed and predictiveness has come from doing literature surveys and implementing novel techniques from research papers.Engineering skills. This is a hybrid research/engineering role. You'll be responsible for productionizing your pipelines/models and integrating against our back-end services.Compensation and BenefitsCompetitive salary and stock options packageOpen vacation policyEmployer paid health, vision and dental insurance401(k) plan with matchingPre-tax commuter benefitsDaily catered lunchesOur MissionWe believe strongly in building a truly meritocratic, unbiased process for finding great talent. Even the best technology companies today still use where people went to college as a proxy for intelligence and ability. We're building a process that looks only at ability, not credentials, so we can have a future where everyone can focus on just learning and being good at what they do, not how they look on paper.Every aspect of running a company has been improved over the last decade, except hiring. Most decisions are still made using amorphous terms like "gut feel" or "culture fit". They should be made using crisp data. Only a company specializing on this problem, using data collected from the hiring process at hundreds of companies, can solve it. That's the company we're building. Our mission is creating a scientific method for identifying great talent and intelligently routing it to the best place. Starting with software engineers.Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $135,000.00 to $190,000.00 /yearAdditional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planSigning bonusPaid time offFlexible scheduleParental leaveRelocation assistanceProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursement
DATA SCIENTISTEngel & Völkers is a global luxury brand specializing in residential and commercial real estate, yachting and private aviation. Founded in Hamburg, Germany in 1977, Engel & Völkers now includes over 750 brokerages in 34 countries across five continents. Engel & Völkers Americas supports a network of premium residential real estate brokerages throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean and is responsible for the firm’s ongoing expansion in additional markets.Engel & Völkers Americas is seeking a Data Scientist eager to work with an incredible providing advanced analytical and data management services related to the Real Estate industry. A successful candidate will be comfortable with discounted advanced analytic techniques, R and Python programming languages, modern data management best practices, cash flow modeling, and directly engaging with clients. This role will help lead efforts to modernize our analytical solutions across the spectrum of Engel & Völkers Americas’ book of business.RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, develop and deploy advanced analytics solutions to business problems using data analysis, data mining, forecasting, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statisticsManipulate high-volume, highly-dimensional data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trendsConduct analysis and benefits/risk assessment to estimate outcomes and validate analysisInterpret results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining and statistical modelingLeverage SQL and Python consistentlyWork with internal team leaders and clients to define and create visual reports and dashboards for clients, internal business analysts, and senior leadershipContribute to various departmental projects, including tracking and analyzing industry benchmarks, and model validation and connect data across our many business lines and workSynthesize analysis and results in compelling storylines and communicate to key stakeholdersSupport the evolution of the company’s business intelligence strategiesExplore new technologies (e.g. machine learning) and practices to keep EV on the cutting edge of analytics and data management processes within our industryCollaborate with the Technology team to develop and enforce appropriate data security and governancePerform ad hoc projects to meet client specific requirementsREQUIREMENTS: Degree in a quantitative field of Technology, Finance, Data Science, Financial Modeling, Accounting, or a related field preferred5+ years of work experience in data science/analytics, consulting, product, or engineeringDemonstrated experience in visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc), Excel, coding (SQL, R, Python), data management processing, architecture and data mining tools (Alteryx, SQL, Snowflake, etc.), statistical analysis, machine learning and collaboration with a business partnerStrong attention to detail, critical thinking skills and analytic and problem-solving abilities with overall financial aptitudeProven ability to identify and succinctly summarize roadblocks, constraints, and trade-offs, propose potential solutions, and drive toward resolutionComfortable with the challenges and opportunities that come with working for a dynamic, entrepreneurial organization, including ability to work autonomously in a high pressure, yet team-oriented environment with clear deadlines while managing multiple projects concurrently and seamlessly switch priorities as neededAbility to tell a story around the problem, the solution, and the impact and value of implementing a solutionExcellent written and verbal business communication skills demonstrated by with stakeholders on all levels, including the ability to interact with clients directlyA person that truly loves data, is resourcefulness, as well as has the willingness to roll-up their sleeves and get the job donePrevious experience and understanding of the real estate industry, valuation software, etc. a plus but not required.Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your online application.Engel & Völkers is an equal opportunity employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:coding (SQL, R, Python): 5 years (Required)visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc.): 5 years (Required)data science/analytics/statistical analysis: 5 years (Required)data management processing, architecture and data mining: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One location
Sr. Data AnalystAt Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering department is at the forefront of this challenge, building the tools that inform every aspect of our business.We are looking for a Sr. Data Analyst to join our Data team and help us perform complex analysis and modelling on our data warehouse. You will report directly to our VP of Engineering, and work cross-functionally across the entire organization to help us use data from a variety of sources to make better decisions—and to ask better questions.What You’ll Like About UsWe work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives.We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals.Noom is a respectful, diverse, and dynamic environment where you’ll be able to work on a variety of interesting problems that affect the lives of real people.Engineering enjoys generous budget for personal development like training courses, conferences, and books.We offer three weeks’ paid vacation, and a flexible work policy that is remote- and family-friendly. We worry about results, not time spent in seats.Delicious (and nutritious) daily lunches and snacks prepared by Sam and Marcelo, our NYC office on-site chefs.What We’re Looking For: At least 4+ years of experience in a business intelligence of data analysis capacity, with a focus in data extraction, interpretation, and reporting.Familiarity with the SQL language and with Excel / Google Sheets.A good working understanding of basic statistical analysis.Insatiable curiosity and excellent interpersonal skills; you will have to interface across multiple teams, and being able to establish good relationships across the org will be essential.Excellent communicator: comfort explaining technical problems in person and in writing.Self-starter: Much of the work in this role will be self-driven and both reactive (answering questions from various stakeholders) and proactive (coming up with new ideas to help improve Noom) in nature.Job Type: Full-time
It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing!		We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.		Job Location: NYC, NY, Bloomfield, CT, Philadelphia, PA or Raleigh, NC only.		Excited to grow your career?	We value our talented employees, and whenever possible strive to help one of our associates grow professionally before recruiting new talent to our open positions. If you think the open position you see is right for you, we encourage you to apply! Our people make all the difference in our success.		Cigna’s Global Data & Analytics (GD&A), organized as a newly formed Center of Excellence (CoE), applies advanced Data Science (DS), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to produce solutions that reduce customer health costs and improve outcomes and business processes. Using state of the art AI tools, DS platforms, ML libraries, and optimization tools, we leverage internal, external, online and offline data sources comprising clinical, provider & Rx data, and behavioral/attitudinal data. We are looking to hire Data Science practitioners who are well-versed in optimization, who see a broader picture of AI and not just ML in Data Science, who can communicate with others with a statistical mindset, and can conduct exploratory analysis during data preparation and beyond.		Role Summary:	You will be responsible for supporting Cigna’s Pharmacy and Specialty business lines, which include Pharmacy, Dental/Vision, Stop Loss, Group and Voluntary products. You will provide support to the Pharmacy and Specialty business stakeholders to achieve enterprise goals and will be responsible for gathering and developing / executing (coding) on business requirements. You will be supporting all new and existing GD&A-owned models in support of the visions and strategies established by the Data Science Manager and Solution Director. The ideal candidate for this role will be highly motivated, flexible and embrace change.		Responsibilities:	Understand the business problem in Pharmacy and Specialty domains to create value for the business, clients, customers and providers, and identify critical questions that can be answered with Artificial Intelligence (AI) or Data Science.	Scrub, clean, prepare, and browse the data: fill in missing data values, determine outliers, regularize and normalize the data (e.g., names), engineer features, and transform it into a more useful form.	Explore and visualize the data using tools such as Python modules including pandas, matplotlib, bokeh, and Seaborn, Tableau, and Looker.	Build, evaluate, and document the models	Generate plausible explanations for presentation to stakeholders and deployment.	Work with data engineers to deploy the models, build data pipelines, and scalable systems.		Qualifications:	MS/PhD in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or in any technical field that provides a solid basis for analytics or equivalent work experience	3 years' experience with Python and its open-source data science toolkits such as Scikit-learn, pandas, NLTK, Numpy and Seaborn through Jupyter or iPython notebooks. Experience with optimization and DS platforms such as Databricks, Dataiku.	Excellent understanding/experience with leading machine learning methods such as neural networks, deep learning, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Lasso Regression, Elastic Net Regression, Boosting and Bagging Random Forest, XGBoost, Association Rules, Cross Validation Method, and Unsupervised Learning.	Previous experience in Rx claims, medical claims, dental data and healthcare industry is highly desired	Experience with Hive and database access languages such as SQL and storage platforms such as S3.	Excellent presentation skills and business consultation experience required	Experience with distributed computing platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, and Yarn, is a plus.		Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy), childbirth or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.		If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com. Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
Public Goods' mission is to make premium-quality, healthy products affordable to everyone.		We are growing very fast, and are looking for a data scientist to extract, aggregate, visualize and analyze company data to help inform strategy.	You Will	Extract actionable insights, trends and patterns from our KPIs.	Create new data pipelines and models based on strategic needs.	Improve and optimize existing data structures.	Analyze B2C data to identify opportunities for improvement.	Translate large data sets into presentable dashboards for the rest of the team.	You Are	At home in the field of e-commerce and consumer packaged goods.	Proficient with a variety of data visualizers such as Tableau and Looker.	Experienced with SQL, Redshift, S3, and Lambda.	An excellent and patient communicator.	Comfortable working with a small team.	A believer in data-driven business strategy.	We Offer	Competitive salary with options package.	Full dental and medical.	Quickly growing environment with kind, passionate people.	Public Goods provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.
We are looking for an extraordinary Data Scientist to join the band and build core analytics to support our Music organization. The Music organization is responsible for editorial music recommendations, programming of music content on the Spotify app, relationships with the music industry, artist marketing, and live events.	Spotify’s mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by it. You will help us achieve this mission, and above all, you will be at the nexus of data science and business at one of the most innovative companies in the world.	What you’ll do:	Support leadership with research on key business initiatives and challenges.	Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will drive decisions, with a particular focus on our marketing and music industry facing efforts.	Engineer novel data sets and features that shed new light on the dynamics of music listening.	Define success measures and build tools that predict and track performance of strategic projects.	Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to non-technical audiences, through clear visualizations and presentations.	Who you are:	Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or another quantitative field; advanced degree is desirable.	2+ years (5+ years for senior role) of relevant experience analyzing complex data with SQL, Python, and/or R.	Modeling and statistical knowledge is a strong preference. Feature engineering for machine learning models is a real plus.	Experience with visualizations and dashboarding (e.g., Tableau or similar BI software) is a strong preference.	Experience creating and scheduling datasets is highly valued. Knowledge of Google BigQuery and Java/Scala is a plus.	Natural communicator who focuses just as much on the delivery and the “so what” of your insights, as you do on the technical craft of extracting them.	Comfortable building and maintaining relationships with senior management, as well as team members around the world.	Capable of tackling very loosely defined problems, and leading and owning a research agenda for long term analytics projects.	Passionate about music and popular culture in general. Previous experience in music, media, entertainment, or tech industries is a plus.	You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.	Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 258 million users.
-------------------	Company Description	-------------------		Running a small business is hard. Getting insurance for your small business is even harder. It takes forever, the process is antiquated, and one wrong decision can be disastrous.		At Attune, we're changing small business insurance in a big way.		At the forefront of the insuretech industry, we are rebuilding small business's access to insurance from scratch, making it instant, easy, and safe. How? Instead of requiring that a business answers hundreds of questions (seriously), our sophisticated platform aggregates the necessary data from different sources, and then uses incredibly advanced analytics to create tailored products that can be delivered in mere minutes, not days or weeks.		We are at the beginning of our journey and are looking for innovators who are curious and excited to drive change.		Backed by Two Sigma, AIG, and Hamilton Insurance Group, we have the horsepower and partners to make a big impact. Unlike other start-ups, Attune has the funding, expertise, and support to modernize and move quickly. If you are energized by making the complex, simple; the time consuming, easy; and the antiquated, tech-enabled, we want you on our team.		Disrupting an industry through data, technology and speed isn't easy – but the challenges we'll tackle together are some of the most rewarding you'll experience in your career.		---------------	Job Description	---------------		You'll join a growing analytics team that drives Attune's business model forward by solving some of the most complex analytical problems in the industry. You will partner with the actuarial, underwriting, claims, product, revenue and customer service functions within Attune to frequently test new hypotheses, implement learnings and create edge.		Responsibilities include:		Working on initiatives like: improving insurance risk predictions, analyzing drivers of claims, understanding user engagement patterns, finding the best potential customers to contact, reducing load on our customer service team, and identifying abnormal broker behavior	Creating new predictive models in insurance pricing, pricing elasticity, reserving, claims analytics and etc.	Exploring new datasets to see how they can add value to the business	Helping to incorporate analyses and models into daily workflows for other departments	Contributing to our ETLs, internal web applications, and BI dashboards	Doing quick ad-hoc analyses and supporting engineers to troubleshoot issues		--------------	Qualifications	--------------			Experience working in an statistics, analytics or data focused role	Experience with predictive modeling in general	Familiarity with advanced statistical analysis methods (e. g., bayesian statistical modeling, hierarchical modeling and etc) in addition to machine learning regression/classification/clustering techniques	Working knowledge of bayesian software language (STAN, JAGS, or OpenBUGS) a plus	We are flexible about what tools you've worked with, but comfort in either Python or R is a must, as is basic SQL.	We don't require experience with deep learning or with tools for working with massive data sets	Property Casualty insurance experience and knowledge is a plus, but not a must		Traits for success:		You enjoy working with programmers and other data scientists to constantly improve the integrity and automation of your work. You are frequently sharpening your software skills.	You are well organized and can handle many unrelated requests without losing track of them.	You are quick with numbers and back-of-the-envelope calculations.	You have strong written and verbal communication skills.	You are a hands-on problem solver who is comfortable with ambiguity and loves a fast-paced environment.	You have strong interpersonal skills and are capable of building relationships to drive success.		----------------------	Additional Information	----------------------		What we offer you:		An opportunity to change the small business landscape.	A great working environment that lives continuous improvement and encourages sharing ideas and taking risks to find better ways of doing things.	A culture that promotes great relationships both inside the office and outside through activities in our community and company sponsored intramural clubs and events.	Equity compensation.	Medical, dental, and vision from day one and 401(k) matching.	Fully stocked kitchens with free snacks & drinks.		Attune Insurance Services, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
Hiring in Los Angeles, CA | New York, NY | San Francisco, CA		Who We Are		EDO is a data science software firm that develops analytics tools to make data accessible and actionable for the media and entertainment industry. Currently focused on film and TV, we work with many major movie studios and TV networks to help them forecast, market and distribute their content more effectively. Building from this strong base, we are growing into adjacent verticals.		We are a team of world-class engineers and data scientists backed by top leaders in entertainment and technology. Our co-founders and executive leadership have an established track record with other successful ventures.		What You Will Do			Generate data-driven insights to help guide client decision-making	Discover novel applications of data within entertainment	Work on a small team and take ownership of high impact projects	Work in a fast paced environment with continuous deployment and rapid product iteration	Meet and work directly with media and entertainment clients to understand their needs and translate into product solutions	Understand how the futures of media, entertainment and advertising are being defined by the innovative applications of technology and data	Learn about how a startup is built from an early stage		What We Are Looking For			Self-driven individuals who take ownership of their work	Ability to build products quickly and efficiently	Strong understanding of data science practices and principles	Interpersonal and communication skills to work on a small team	Willingness to learn about our clients and their unique problems	Experience with R or Python and comfort with databases		Benefits			Early-stage equity and competitive salary	Medical, dental, and vision insurance	Meals and snacks during work	Movie tickets, fitness discounts, commuter subsidies, and Apple hardware		
Who We Are:	Ocrolus is a fintech infrastructure company that transforms documents into actionable data with over 99% accuracy. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. The solution includes built-in fraud detection and analytics, enabling customers to make smarter and faster business decisions with unprecedented precision.		Use-cases include loan underwriting, account openings, invoice processing, and other document-intensive processes. Ocrolus has raised over $30 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others.		We're looking for a Data Scientist to join our team. Rather than just crunching data in a dark room were looking for someone passionate about delivering data products – willing to tackle whatever problem needs to be solved to provide insights to stakeholders across the company. You can easily support critical decision-making with either fast back-of-the-envelope analyses or more robust evaluations, depending on the context.	Responsibilities	Manage competing priorities across the company	Communicate with Different Stakeholders regarding analytics	Creatively explore data to find interesting stories to tell	Shepherd data models from sourcing the data to releasing models in production environments	Working collaboratively and mentoring Data Analysts	Requirements	At least four years experience as a Data Scientist, 6+ years a plus.	Fluent in Python and SQL	Deep understanding of statistics and probability, preferably an understanding of information theory	Strong communication and storytelling skills, data visualization a+	Experience working with Data Scientists and Data Analysts	Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills	Ability to create fast solutions to problems introduced in a changing environment with iteration towards optimal solutions	Machine Learning experience a plus			We’re a young and rapidly growing FinTech company - if you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance!
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.	We’re looking for Data Scientists to work on our core and business products (ex. Instagram, Messaging, Growth, Engagement, Ads) to help shape the future of what we build at Facebook. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product.	RESPONSIBILITIES	Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products	Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities	Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches	The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas:	Product Operations	Forecasting and setting product team goals	Designing and evaluating experiments	Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics	Building and analyzing dashboards and reports	Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis	Evaluating and defining metrics	Exploratory Analysis	Proposing what to build in the next roadmap	Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends	Identifying new levers to help move key metrics	Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems	Product Leadership	Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations	Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams	Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams	Data Infrastructure	Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica	Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework	MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS	4+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment	BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field. Advanced degrees	Experience in SQL or other programming languages	Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)	Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product	Knowledge of statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions)	Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods	PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS	Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)	Experience working within the tech sector preferred	Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
FanDuel Group is an innovative sports-tech entertainment company that is changing the way consumers engage with their favorite sports, teams, and leagues. The premier gaming destination in the United States, FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across gaming, sports betting, daily fantasy sports, advance-deposit wagering, and TV/media, including FanDuel, Betfair US, DRAFT, and TVG. FanDuel Group has a presence across 45 states and 8 million customers. The company is based in New York with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon, and Scotland.		Sports is our game, but fast-paced technology is at the heart of our business. We make products that sports fans love to use and our teams love to build. Working at FanDuel provides the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of sports fans through the code you write and where you'll work with and learn from multi-award winning highly entrepreneurial and ambitious teams.		At FanDuel we champion the customer and work in empowered streams, autonomously tackling complex challenges that provide the very best experience for our users.		About the role		We are looking for a Data Scientist to tackle our most challenging analytics problems.		Who we're looking for			1-3 Years of Industry Experience in data science, analytics or engineering	Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with high proficiency in Python or R, and SQL	Understanding and application of Bayesian statistics	Experience building and using models to help create production level products and tools	Comfortable with command line tools and GitHub	Object-oriented design and coding skills	Strong verbal and written communication skills	Ability to work across teams, locations and time zones	Interest or experience in sports and fantasy sports		What you get in return		Beyond working with such a great team?			An exciting environment with real growth	Contribute to exciting products used by a highly passionate user base	Personal learning and development opportunities	Flexible vacation allowance	Attractive health insurance premiums		There's more, but we don't want to go on and on.		FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential.
Title: Data Scientist	Office: National Offices	Location: New York, NY	Apply for this job	Job postings are hosted on Greenhouse. See their privacy policy.	ABOUT THE JOB	The Data & Analytics Department of the ACLU’s National office in New York, NY seeks applications for the full-time position of Data Scientist.	ACLU Analytics partners with teams across the organization to enable the ACLU to make smart, evidence-based decisions and bring quantitative insights on our issues to the courtroom and the public. Our team's work ranges from social science research for litigation & advocacy, to analysis & reporting for fundraising and engagement, to building and maintaining our data infrastructure. We strive to ensure the ACLU leads by example in the ethical use of data and technology. This includes maintaining our privacy and security standards, pushing for transparent data practices from government and corporate actors, and helping to steward high standards for algorithmic fairness, accountability, and transparency.		We are looking to hire a Data Scientist focused on the use of innovative reporting and advanced analytics to transform the way the ACLU approaches fundraising, digital communications, and supporter engagement. This includes designing the ACLU’s testing strategies, building models, and deploying solutions to help the ACLU identify meaningful insights, inform strategic decisions, and enhance engagement with donors and supporters across online and offline channels. We also expect this role to have an additional focus on support for our voting rights advocacy and litigation work. This role reports to the Director of Engagement Analytics.	RESPONSIBILITIES	Model donor and supporter engagement – donations, actions, volunteering, etc. – and work with fundraisers and digital strategists to increase engagement	Create and implement audience segmentation strategies for communications, issue advocacy, and fundraising	Analyze census and voter data in support of advocacy and litigation related to voting rights and redistricting	Directly lead the execution and analysis of complex tests and program evaluations	Evaluate, acquire, and integrate new datasets	Demonstrate a commitment to diversity within the office using a personal approach that values all individuals and respects differences in regards to race, ethnicity, age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability and socio-economic circumstance	Commit to work collaboratively and respectfully toward resolving obstacles and/or conflicts	MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS	2-3 years of experience applying data and advanced analytics tools in a business, political, academic, or non-profit setting; with a focus on fundraising and digital marketing	Fluency in Python or R, or similar analytics and programming languages	Familiarity with statistical methods, machine learning techniques, testing, and predictive analysis in service of real-world business challenges	Experience with databases and database query languages	The ideal candidate will have a passion for the ACLU, civil liberties and civil rights	PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS	Advanced degree or research experience in Political Science	Experience with mapping software	Understanding of online tools, processes, testing, and techniques for content placement, social networking, and digital advertising	Experience working with the voter file and voter mobilization tools & tactics	ABOUT THE ACLU		For almost 100 years, the ACLU has worked to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties guaranteed by the Constitution and laws of the United States. Whether it’s ending mass incarceration, achieving full equality for the LGBT community, establishing new privacy protections for our digital age, or preserving the right to vote or the right to have an abortion, the ACLU takes up the toughest civil liberties cases and issues to defend all people from government abuse and overreach.		The Department of Education has determined that employment in this position at the ACLU does not qualify for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program.		We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. The ACLU encourages applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, disability, veteran status and record of arrest or conviction.		The ACLU is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability and need assistance applying online, please e-mail benefits.hrdept@aclu.org. If you are selected for an interview, you will receive additional information regarding how to request an accommodation for the interview process.
DATA SCIENTISTEngel & Völkers is a global luxury brand specializing in residential and commercial real estate, yachting and private aviation. Founded in Hamburg, Germany in 1977, Engel & Völkers now includes over 750 brokerages in 34 countries across five continents. Engel & Völkers Americas supports a network of premium residential real estate brokerages throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean and is responsible for the firm’s ongoing expansion in additional markets.Engel & Völkers Americas is seeking a Data Scientist eager to work with an incredible providing advanced analytical and data management services related to the Real Estate industry. A successful candidate will be comfortable with discounted advanced analytic techniques, R and Python programming languages, modern data management best practices, cash flow modeling, and directly engaging with clients. This role will help lead efforts to modernize our analytical solutions across the spectrum of Engel & Völkers Americas’ book of business.RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, develop and deploy advanced analytics solutions to business problems using data analysis, data mining, forecasting, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statisticsManipulate high-volume, highly-dimensional data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trendsConduct analysis and benefits/risk assessment to estimate outcomes and validate analysisInterpret results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining and statistical modelingLeverage SQL and Python consistentlyWork with internal team leaders and clients to define and create visual reports and dashboards for clients, internal business analysts, and senior leadershipContribute to various departmental projects, including tracking and analyzing industry benchmarks, and model validation and connect data across our many business lines and workSynthesize analysis and results in compelling storylines and communicate to key stakeholdersSupport the evolution of the company’s business intelligence strategiesExplore new technologies (e.g. machine learning) and practices to keep EV on the cutting edge of analytics and data management processes within our industryCollaborate with the Technology team to develop and enforce appropriate data security and governancePerform ad hoc projects to meet client specific requirementsREQUIREMENTS: Degree in a quantitative field of Technology, Finance, Data Science, Financial Modeling, Accounting, or a related field preferred5+ years of work experience in data science/analytics, consulting, product, or engineeringDemonstrated experience in visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc), Excel, coding (SQL, R, Python), data management processing, architecture and data mining tools (Alteryx, SQL, Snowflake, etc.), statistical analysis, machine learning and collaboration with a business partnerStrong attention to detail, critical thinking skills and analytic and problem-solving abilities with overall financial aptitudeProven ability to identify and succinctly summarize roadblocks, constraints, and trade-offs, propose potential solutions, and drive toward resolutionComfortable with the challenges and opportunities that come with working for a dynamic, entrepreneurial organization, including ability to work autonomously in a high pressure, yet team-oriented environment with clear deadlines while managing multiple projects concurrently and seamlessly switch priorities as neededAbility to tell a story around the problem, the solution, and the impact and value of implementing a solutionExcellent written and verbal business communication skills demonstrated by with stakeholders on all levels, including the ability to interact with clients directlyA person that truly loves data, is resourcefulness, as well as has the willingness to roll-up their sleeves and get the job donePrevious experience and understanding of the real estate industry, valuation software, etc. a plus but not required.Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your online application.Engel & Völkers is an equal opportunity employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:coding (SQL, R, Python): 5 years (Required)visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc.): 5 years (Required)data science/analytics/statistical analysis: 5 years (Required)data management processing, architecture and data mining: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One location
About Us		Just as the field of Data Science is growing and ever-changing, so is our team: we’re on the hunt for talented instructors who are passionate about what they do and want to make a difference in the education of the world’s up-and-coming data scientists — our students.		The NYC Data Science Academy prides itself on housing the most comprehensive 12-week intensive boot camp in data science methodologies, providing theoretical, practical, and hands-on knowledge to our scholars. We nurture top talents in the industrial & academic world into industry-ready data scientists, by equipping them with knowledge, technical skills, and insights aiming at maximal impacts to the business world. We adapt faster than the quickest machine learning algorithms out there — with content that reflects research and application in the growing industry and teaching expertise which goes beyond extraordinary.		That’s where you come in.		From our part-time weekend/evening classes to our part-time online and full-time in-person boot camps, our courses are both designed in-house and taught by our robust team of data scientists and engineers. Instructors have the opportunity of taking part in corporate training and consulting client projects, building both data science and big data solutions. We encourage collaboration and positive change in not only our students and clients but also in our team. Nerding out is also highly encouraged.		Responsibilities		Train in-person or online boot camp students, the next generation of data scientists, on a wide range of topics ranging from statistics, probability, SQL, R/python coding, data analysis, machine learning, deep learning, and big data, etc.	Develop, evaluate, and maintain cutting-edge technical content for training experiences relevant to audiences with a diverse set of educational backgrounds and industry experience.	Tailoring teaching content for both corporate and client training.	Guide and mentor our students inside and outside of the classroom for their industry-ready projects. Help to orient our students’ learning toward the target industries.	Lead by example as a data scientist, to be an excellent role model for our industry-ready students.	Cooperate with marketing/admission teams by participating in the student enrollment/admission procedure and by developing relevant content for them.	Participate in periodic training workshops to sharpen the relevant skill-sets.	About You		Minimum of a Master’s Degree in a Quantitative Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics-related field; Computer Science and Statistics preferred.	Proficiency in statistical computing/machine learning and/or programming in R and/or Python.	Experience/extensive knowledge in R or Python data analysis.	Teaching experience in undergraduate or graduate level coursework in STEM required.	Demonstrated experience/knowledge of Statistics and Machine Learning from both theoretical and applied perspectives.	Experience in developing a curriculum or providing training in a client-facing endeavor.	A good sense of the relevance of academic data science to industrial applications.	Forward thinking with a strong growth mentality, i.e. constantly strengthening yourself on all fronts relevant to the growth of our school.	Passionate about teaching and helping your students succeed in their careers.	A team player who can multitask if necessary and can step up to new challenges in a growing company.	Perks		Competitive salary, adjustable hours, and flexible vacation policy.	Benefits include 401k retirement plan and medical, dental, vision insurances.	Opportunity to train, research, and learn in the field of data science on-the-job; a chance to interact with active data science communities through conferences, Meetup events, etc.	Completely stocked snack pantry.	High-quality computational equipment.
Are you ready for a career that places you at the forefront of technology? Do you have what it takes to completely exceed clients’ expectations? Have you decided that you want to be the very best at what you do?If you’re looking for a fast-paced environment where you can showcase your skills in consulting and technology and grow your competencies, we are the place for you. We offer a comprehensive benefits package and flexible work environment where you can make a difference in the wide variety of clients that we serve.***Insurance eligibility begins on the first day of the first month after hire date***Company Background: Business & Decision is a global management, strategy consulting and systems integration group solving business problems through Digital Transformation. As a leader in Digital Customer Experience and Data & Analytics, we leverage a unique combination of technical, functional and industry specialization as well as partnerships with key software vendors to deliver maximum-value projects and help clients break through barrier to innovation and business transformation.Position Overview: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.Develop testing framework and test model quality.Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracyMandatory: · 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models and is familiar with the following software/tools:Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java,JavaScript, etc.Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etcDesired: Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.Experience working with and creating data architectures.Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.Education and/or CertificationsBachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative fieldJob Type: Full-timeExperience:manipulating data sets and building statistical models: 5 years (Preferred)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time off
Sr. Data AnalystAt Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering department is at the forefront of this challenge, building the tools that inform every aspect of our business.We are looking for a Sr. Data Analyst to join our Data team and help us perform complex analysis and modelling on our data warehouse. You will report directly to our VP of Engineering, and work cross-functionally across the entire organization to help us use data from a variety of sources to make better decisions—and to ask better questions.What You’ll Like About UsWe work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives.We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals.Noom is a respectful, diverse, and dynamic environment where you’ll be able to work on a variety of interesting problems that affect the lives of real people.Engineering enjoys generous budget for personal development like training courses, conferences, and books.We offer three weeks’ paid vacation, and a flexible work policy that is remote- and family-friendly. We worry about results, not time spent in seats.Delicious (and nutritious) daily lunches and snacks prepared by Sam and Marcelo, our NYC office on-site chefs.What We’re Looking For: At least 4+ years of experience in a business intelligence of data analysis capacity, with a focus in data extraction, interpretation, and reporting.Familiarity with the SQL language and with Excel / Google Sheets.A good working understanding of basic statistical analysis.Insatiable curiosity and excellent interpersonal skills; you will have to interface across multiple teams, and being able to establish good relationships across the org will be essential.Excellent communicator: comfort explaining technical problems in person and in writing.Self-starter: Much of the work in this role will be self-driven and both reactive (answering questions from various stakeholders) and proactive (coming up with new ideas to help improve Noom) in nature.Job Type: Full-time
Overview:	Do you love numbers and finding the story in the numbers? Does the thought of tackling a complex data issue make you smile? Have you got a knack for solving problems? Do you want to help drive the results of a multi-million dollar business? If you have answered "yes" to these questions, the Data Scientist position at Strategic Financial Solutions may be the right fit for you.		Strategic is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with statistical and machine learning experience to join our Data Science Team, which produces models for prescriptive and predictive analytics. The person in this role would be responsible for conducting data analysis and developing predictive models by leveraging data science and machine learning to solve various business use cases, including marketing intelligence, customer segmentation, and predictive models for operations.		This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to learn all aspects of business as he/she will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company and external data.		Candidates must have strong experience in a variety of data manipulation tools, data analysis/ mining methods to build and implement models and should be able to develop algorithms and simulation methods. A successful candidate will have the proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights.	Responsibilities:	Research and develop statistical and machine learning methodologies to solve complicated business problems	Work with stakeholders to identify opportunities by leveraging large data sets to drive business decisions. Collaborate with sales, marketing and senior executive teams for model development	Strong communication skills and ability to clearly present ideas and technical findings to key decision makers	Qualifications:	Knowledge of statistical and machine learning techniques in regressions and classifications such as generalized linear models, classification trees, Random Forest, XGBoost, SVMs etc. Industry experience in such areas a definite plus.	Knowledge of stochastic process in terms of transaction matrix and equilibrium distribution, etc.	Experience in R, Python, and SQL, etc. and in variable selection and dimension reduction skills such as LASSO and PCA	Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on financial risk management in sales and marketing predictive analytics	Unsupervised learning experience such as k-means, hierarchical clustering, Bayesian network etc.	Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams	Graduate degree in Statistics, Data Science, Applied Math, Operations Research, Computer Science or other areas in STEM. Exceptional candidates with undergraduate degree will be also be seriously considered.	About Strategic:	Strategic Financial Solutions is a leading consumer finance company that specializes in helping people that have too much credit card debt. We were recently named the 21st Best Company to Work for in New York by Best Companies to Work For and have been certified as a Great Place to Work 4 times. Additional honors include being named, two times, as one of the 50 fastest growing companies in New York City and to the prestigious Inc. 500 list as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in the United States.
DATA SCIENTISTEngel & Völkers is a global luxury brand specializing in residential and commercial real estate, yachting and private aviation. Founded in Hamburg, Germany in 1977, Engel & Völkers now includes over 750 brokerages in 34 countries across five continents. Engel & Völkers Americas supports a network of premium residential real estate brokerages throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean and is responsible for the firm’s ongoing expansion in additional markets.Engel & Völkers Americas is seeking a Data Scientist eager to work with an incredible providing advanced analytical and data management services related to the Real Estate industry. A successful candidate will be comfortable with discounted advanced analytic techniques, R and Python programming languages, modern data management best practices, cash flow modeling, and directly engaging with clients. This role will help lead efforts to modernize our analytical solutions across the spectrum of Engel & Völkers Americas’ book of business.RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, develop and deploy advanced analytics solutions to business problems using data analysis, data mining, forecasting, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statisticsManipulate high-volume, highly-dimensional data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trendsConduct analysis and benefits/risk assessment to estimate outcomes and validate analysisInterpret results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining and statistical modelingLeverage SQL and Python consistentlyWork with internal team leaders and clients to define and create visual reports and dashboards for clients, internal business analysts, and senior leadershipContribute to various departmental projects, including tracking and analyzing industry benchmarks, and model validation and connect data across our many business lines and workSynthesize analysis and results in compelling storylines and communicate to key stakeholdersSupport the evolution of the company’s business intelligence strategiesExplore new technologies (e.g. machine learning) and practices to keep EV on the cutting edge of analytics and data management processes within our industryCollaborate with the Technology team to develop and enforce appropriate data security and governancePerform ad hoc projects to meet client specific requirementsREQUIREMENTS: Degree in a quantitative field of Technology, Finance, Data Science, Financial Modeling, Accounting, or a related field preferred5+ years of work experience in data science/analytics, consulting, product, or engineeringDemonstrated experience in visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc), Excel, coding (SQL, R, Python), data management processing, architecture and data mining tools (Alteryx, SQL, Snowflake, etc.), statistical analysis, machine learning and collaboration with a business partnerStrong attention to detail, critical thinking skills and analytic and problem-solving abilities with overall financial aptitudeProven ability to identify and succinctly summarize roadblocks, constraints, and trade-offs, propose potential solutions, and drive toward resolutionComfortable with the challenges and opportunities that come with working for a dynamic, entrepreneurial organization, including ability to work autonomously in a high pressure, yet team-oriented environment with clear deadlines while managing multiple projects concurrently and seamlessly switch priorities as neededAbility to tell a story around the problem, the solution, and the impact and value of implementing a solutionExcellent written and verbal business communication skills demonstrated by with stakeholders on all levels, including the ability to interact with clients directlyA person that truly loves data, is resourcefulness, as well as has the willingness to roll-up their sleeves and get the job donePrevious experience and understanding of the real estate industry, valuation software, etc. a plus but not required.Interested? We are looking forward to receiving your online application.Engel & Völkers is an equal opportunity employer.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:coding (SQL, R, Python): 5 years (Required)visualization (Power BI, Qlik, etc.): 5 years (Required)data science/analytics/statistical analysis: 5 years (Required)data management processing, architecture and data mining: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One location
Fakespot is looking for a data scientist to join our team on-site in our NYC office.Fakespot is a review authentication service used by millions of users to verify reviews on popular platforms by using artificial intelligence and data analytics. Our primary mission is to increase trust and transparency on the Internet.Who you areYou have a passion for solving complex analytical problems with statistical strength and a strong background in machine learning. You thrive in a collaborative environment, welcome feedback and exhibit strong attention to detail. You are happiest in a fast-paced environment with little red tape and the ability to make an immediate impact. We will have disruptive challenges that have not been solved in the frontier of data authentication.Qualities we'd like to see in youSolid chops with statistical analysisPerform data exploration to recognize future potential modelsNLP experience with at least one of these frameworks: CoreNLP, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlowRequirements:You have deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modelingYou have a degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, or a related quantitative fieldYou are comfortable working with large data sets and analyzing complex data with SQL and other tools such as Python or RYou have a strong bias to action, delivering results quickly with iteration instead of waiting for perfectionYou are able to multitask and work on multiple ongoing projects, with minimal oversight, documentation, and defined processYou are acquainted with numerous libraries used for machine learning such as TensorFlow, Keras and PyTorchYou have good communication skillsJob Types: Full-time, InternshipExperience:Data Science: 1 year (Required)Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Processing: 1 year (Required)Natural Language Understanding: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:New York, NY 10001 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule::Monday to Friday
